
ABOUT THIS REPORT
This report marks Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.'s 17th consecutive release of a Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Statement Explanation
report. It gives stakeholders information on Yunnan Baiyao's social responsibility practices and performance in the areas of
management, environment, society, and public welfare in accordance with the principles of standardization, transparency,
objectivity, and comprehensiveness.
For the sake of simplicity and readability, "Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd." is referred to as "Yunnan Baiyao", "Baiyao", "the
Company" or "we" in this report.
Reference Standards
Report Format
This report adheres to the Shenzhen Stock Exchange's Guidelines for Listed Companies' Social Responsibility and is in
accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Core Option standard of the Global Sustainability Standards Board (GSSB)
本报告以印刷版和网络版形式发布，网络版浏览下载地址为：www.yunnanbaiyao.com.cn 及巨潮资讯网。
This report is available in both printed and online versions. The online version is available for viewing and can be downloaded at
as well as the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences' China Enterprise CSR Reporting Guidelines (CASS-CSR4.0).
www.yunnanbaiyao.com.cn and the Juchao Information website (www.cninfo.com.cn).
Report Scope
The report covers Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd., as well as its subsidiaries and branches.
Report Period
The report covers the period from January 1, 2022, to December 31, 2022, and serves as the annual report.
Data Sources
Unless otherwise specified, the financial data in this report come from the annual financial data of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co.,
Ltd. and its subsidiaries. Other data is sourced from internal statistics and manual compilation. Unless otherwise specified, the
currency type and amount mentioned in this report are denominated in RMB.
Report Reliability Assurance
This report was put together by Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd.'s Social Responsibility Management Team and was reviewed
and approved by the Company's Board of Directors and Board of Supervisors. The Board of Directorss and all the Directors
guarantee that this report contains no false records, misleading statements, or significant omissions, and they accept individual
and joint responsibility for its truthfulness, accuracy, and completeness.

YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT MESSAGE FROM THE CEO
01 02
MESSAGE FROM THE CEO
Just as raw jade must be cut and polished in order to become a valued segmented markets, adding upwards of tens of billions of
gem, to reach the heights of success one must first persevere and RMB worth of value. We are taking an ecological development
be dedicated. We have been devoted to our undertaking over the approach and have built a business matrix for the four major fields
past 120 years. In honor of Yunnan Baiyao's 120th anniversary, we of oral care, skin care, orthopedics, and women's health. We
proposed the philosophy of "assisting our nation and its families plan to continue to embrace digital transformation, strategically
in achieving their goals for health and prosperity." We remain collaborating with Huawei in AI medicine development. In this
committed to our company's mission to guard life and health, way, we envision empowering an innovative medical screening
2022 was a year of global upheaval and turbulence, but it was
drawing on the essence of traditional Chinese medicine (hereinafter process while leveraging topnotch research resources to promote
also a year in which Yunnan Baiyao maintained its artisanal
referred to as ''TCM''), and striving to become a leading global a high-quality structure of radiopharmaceuticals. In our pursuit
spirit and actively pursued innovation.In October of 2022, the
enterprise while continuing to express our Chinese heritage. We of groundbreaking technological innovation, we have allocated
successful convention of the 20th National Congress of the
continue to innovate and develop new products while broadening more capital, strengthened our investment in basic research, and
Communist Party of China hereinafter referred to as the “CPC"
（ ） our business scope through our "New Baiyao, Comprehensive increased the proportion of highly skilled workers who play an
marked the advent of a new era for the continued advancement
Health" strategy. To lay a solid foundation for achieving our important role in the innovation process. Our goal is to transform
and rejuvenation of the Chinese nation, following the illustrious
international development goals, we are upgrading our brand Yunnan Baiyao into a technologically advanced pharmaceutical
blueprint of Chinese-style modernization. Meanwhile, Yunnan
operation and management and expanding our overseas company focusing on innovation.
Baiyao celebrated its 120th anniversary after surviving more
marketing channels. Earlier this year, we signed an agreement that
than a century of trials and tribulations. Throughout these
laid a framework for strategic cooperation with Yunnan University Unswervingly dedicated and innovative, we remain steadfast in our
many years, we have always upheld the corporate mission, "To
of Chinese Medicine. This agreement strengthened our company's commitment to our mission and to corporate responsibility, and we
Guard Life and Health,” and have evolved from a traditional
collaboration with the university in pursuing the innovation and strive to fulfill our value to society in every aspect of our business.
pharmaceutical company into a modern, integrated medical and
growth of Yunnan’s ethnic medicine industries, including through For Panax notoginseng and other traditional Chinese medicinal
health enterprise. Looking ahead, we will energetically advance
the creation of a national lab that will be key for the study of materials, we have created a digital management platform that
our digital transformation, develop new products, and further
emerging medicines and their use in clinical settings. At our we are constantly optimizing. This platform has transformed these
expand innovative business cooperations, leading to significant
corporate headquarters, we held the 2022 Annual Conference and herbs' traditional agricultural management model into a quasi-
growth. We will steadily progress towards becoming a provider
the Brand Planning Communication Meeting themed "Building industrial management model. Through the power of big data,
of comprehensive pharmaceutical and healthcare solutions
Strength for a Bright Future," where we discussed the company's farmers working in herb cultivation can use this platform to collect
as we fulfill our national mission and social responsibility. Our
long-term strategic development and vision for the brand. In and analyze data, contributing to significant improvements in
company generated a total operational revenue of RMB 36.488
partnership with Peking University, we hosted the "Pharmaceutical efficiency and increased returns on investment. We also launched
billion in 2022, an increase of RMB 0.114 billion from the same
Innovation and Technology Frontier Forum 2022" in the middle a user-oriented traditional Chinese medicinal materials asset
period of the previous year's RMB 36.374 billion, with a growth
of the year. Over 500 renowned scholars and professionals in system in 2022, allowing consumers to directly customize their
rate of 0.31%. The net profit attributable to the parent company
the medical sector gathered to explore new ideas for medical required medicinal materials through the Yunnan Baiyao website.
was RMB 3.001 billion, a net increase of RMB 0.196 billion from
innovation and development. We completed our board election This system even enables users to specify the part or size of
the same period of the previous year's RMB 2.805 billion, with
at the end of the year and set sail with a new board of directors. the herbs they want to purchase. Through this system, we have
a growth rate of 7.00%. The ethos of Yunnan Baiyao is built
We commemorated our 120th anniversary, launching the "Qiyun fostered a closer connection with our users and expanded the
from a foundation of craftsmanship and entrepreneurship, the
Science Award" and unveiled the Yunnan Baiyao New Museum reach of Yunnan Baiyao's health benefits to more people.
spirit of which we assiduously nurture in our ceaseless quest for
and Yunnan Baiyao Exploration Gallery. Time inevitably passes,
excellence and self-renewal. This ethos echoes the company’s Rome wasn't built in a day, and neither was Yunnan Baiyao. In
and Yunnan Baiyao now finds itself in a unique moment. Having
mission to guard the life and health of the people, and bears the past 120 years, from 1902 to 2022, we have undergone a
maintained its vitality throughout its 120-year journey, it is now
witness to the turbulent century-long history of our company. As process of innovation and transformation as well as serving as
looking forward to embarking from a historical new starting point
we progress towards realizing a healthy China and fulfilling the a historical witness to our continuous growth. The growth and
with a historical new mission. Looking ahead, we are ready to
Chinese dream, we will continue to make Yunnan Baiyao even accumulation over these 120 years has laid a solid foundation
embrace the next stage of development and embark on a new
more illustrious, dynamic, and enduring. for Yunnan Baiyao's future development. As we journey towards
journey in this era of progress.
the next century, Yunnan Baiyao, as a provider of comprehensive
With an enterprising spirit and an eye for innovation, we pharmaceutical and healthcare solutions, pledges to "embrace
enthusiastically embrace emerging technologies and refine the the light and keep growing.” We will use technology to propel
essence of traditional Chinese medicine culture by leveraging ourselves to the forefront of the global stage, to guard life and
the latest in scientific advances. We’ll extract the essence and health with unwavering vigor, and to assist our nation and its
discard the dross, enabling the culture of traditional Chinese families in achieving their goals for health and prosperity.
medicine to span across time and radiate brilliance and vitality. We
have proposed a development strategy of "1+4+1" based on our
resources, advantages, and future goals, with a focus on boosting
- Dong Ming, Chief Executive Officer
the traditional Chinese medicine industry and targeting highly
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT ABOUT US
03 04
ABOUT US
Company Profile
Formulated in 1902, Yunnan Baiyao is widely recognized as the traditional Chinese medicinal materials, and pharmaceutical
most innovative representative of time-honored Chinese brands, logistics. It has 36 product categories and 390 varieties, with
combining brand, product, and company name in one. 12 products generating more than RMB 100 million in sales
revenue each. Notably, its toothpastes, aerosols, woundplasts,
In 1971, Yunnan Baiyao Factory was established following and plasters are all top-selling products across the country.
instructions from Premier Zhou Enlai. In 1993, Yunnan Baiyao
became the first listed company in Yunnan on the Shenzhen The Company has established a business group system to
Stock Exchange. It achieved "Five Unifications" in 1996 and drive the expansion of its existing businesses. These groups
successfully implemented corporate reformulation in 1999. In include the Pharmaceutical Business Group, the Health
2005, the Company launched the "Stabilizing the Center and Products Business Group, the Traditional Chinese Medicine
Expanding the Wings" product strategy and began implementing Resources Business Group, and Yunnan Pharmaceutical Co.,
the "New Baiyao, Comprehensive Health" industry strategy in Ltd. (responsible for pharmaceutical logistics operations).
2010. It has gradually developed from a traditional Chinese Each business group assumes its own responsibilities and
medicine company into one of the leading enterprises in China's collaborates with one another, and their main businesses have
comprehensive health industry. Since its listing in 1993, the reached a leading level in the industry. With production bases in
Company has continuously paid dividends to shareholders Kunming, Dali, Wenshan, Lijiang, Wuding, and Wuxi in Jiangsu
for 30 consecutive years. From 2016 to 2019, the Company and Hefei in Anhui, the Company has deployed sales channels
completed mixed-ownership reform in two steps, further that cover the entire country.
stimulating its development momentum through innovations in
system and mechanism. Yunnan Baiyao regards guarding life and health as its corporate
mission and is committed to becoming a leading provider of and expanded its presence in Beijing, Shanghai, Hong Kong, Hainan, and Korea, which have become critical strategic pillars for Baiyao
The Company is committed to integrating traditional Chinese comprehensive pharmaceutical and healthcare solutions. to leverage global resources and better serve the needs of the Chinese market. Various business activities have already taken place in
medicine into modern life. It has gradually evolved from a Based on its mission and vision, the Company has established these areas, including fundamental research, commercial development, product innovation, and marketing.
traditional pharmaceutical company producing a single Baiyao a strategic goal of "1+4+1" (Traditional Chinese Medicine +
powder to a leader in China's pharmaceutical and health Oral Care, Skin Care, Orthopedics, And Women's Health + The Company always adheres to the core concept of long-term development. We focus on the development strategy of "1+4+1" and
industry with a rich portfolio. The Company's products and Digitalization) while consolidating its existing business. It has drive our growth through three main drivers: products, innovation, and research and development, to promote a non-continuous leap
services include pharmaceuticals, personal healthcare products, optimized its industrial, research and development systems, towards the second growth curve, contributing to the development of China's healthcare industry.
Corporate Culture
Values
Value Creation
Inheriting and innovating,
seeking truth and pragmatism, Elements
fulfilling social responsibility,
taking due responsibilities, Human capital, financial
Mission collaborating with integrity, Survival Philosophy capital, and public
and pursuing Starting fresh by resetting resources
To guard life and excellence everything to zero, facing
health crises head-on, and Strategic Driving
Vision embracing the present Forces
and future
Technological innovation
Becoming a leading
and organizational
provider of comprehensive
transformation
pharmaceutical and
healthcare
solutions
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT ABOUT US
05 06
Organization Structure Historical Evolution
1902
Mr. Qu Huanzhang, a famous Yi doctor, gathered
the essence of traditional ethnic medicine and
formulated Yunnan Baiyao, also known as the
1955
"Wanying Baibao Dan."
Miao Lanying, Mr. Qu Huanzhang's wife,
donated the secret formula of Yunnan
Baiyao to the country.
Committees under the Board of Directors Shareholders' Meeting 1971
Premier Zhou Enlai approved the establishment
1993 of the Yunnan Baiyao Factory.
Board of Supervisors
Yunnan Baiyao was listed on the Shenzhen
Stock Exchange.
Strategy Committee 1999
The Company was restructured to allocate re-
sources based on market demands and build a
2006
systemic foundation to support sustained devel-
The Company's performance indicators
opment.
surged to the top of the industry, which
enables the Company to evolve from an
Product Portfolio and Investment
Management Committee industry follower to an industry leader.
Board of Directors 2010
Executive Management Committees The operation revenue exceeded RMB 10 billion.
2011
The first phase of the Company's reloca-
tion was completed, and the headquarters
Nominating Committee 2015
was relocated to Chenggong New District.
The operation revenue exceeded RMB 20 billion.
Transformation
Management Committee
2016-2017
2018
Audit Committee The mixed-ownership reform of controlling
(with an Audit Office) The Company initiated the process of acquiring
shareholders was completed.
controlling shareholders, aiming to integrate
Brand Management resources and achieve reverse merger.
Committee
2019
Remuneration and
The Company successfully completed
Evaluation Committee
the acquisition process, which marks
Chief Executive Officer 2020
the successful conclusion of the second
Yunnan Baiyao promoted the construction of
Operation Management phase of the mixed-ownership reform.
the Beijing International Medical Research
Committee
Center, as well as international centers and
industrial platforms in Shanghai and Hainan.
Board Office
2021
Under the leadership of the Board of
2022
Safety Management Directors and with the newly appointed
Committee CEO at the helm, the Company initiated Yunnan Baiyao established a strategic goal of
an iterative upgrade and innovative trans- "1+4+1" (Traditional Chinese Medicine + Oral
formation driven by the three pillars of Care, Skin Care, Orthopedics And Women's
products, innovation, and R&D, following Health + Digitalization). It expanded its pres-
its corporate mission of "To Guard Life ence in Beijing, Shanghai, Hong Kong, Hainan,
and Health." and Korea. These branches serve as crucial
Innovation Incubation Industrial Functional Shared strategic pillars for the Company to leverage
Platform Platform Support Platform Service Platform global resources and serve the needs of the
Chinese market.
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT ABOUT US
07 08
Impression of Yunnan Baiyao in 2022
Honors and Awards
The winners of the 2021-2022 With its demonstration model of "Full life-cycle manage-
The 2022 CBCSD Sustainable Devel- The Shenzhen Stock Exchange re- Yunnan Baiyao maintained its A rat- Kotler New Marketing Awards ment," Yunnan Baiyao Group Wenshan Qihua Co., Ltd. was
opment CEO Forum unveiled its 2022 leased the Notice on the Assessment ing in 2022 for its ESG performance, were announced. Yunnan Baiyao selected as one of the fourth batch of provincial service-ori-
China Corporate Sustainability Index Results of Information Disclosure for as assessed by MSCI. won the "Kotler New Marketing ented manufacturing demonstration enterprises (projects
Report, which recognized Yunnan Bai- Listed Companies on the Shenzhen Award - Excellent Customer and platforms) released by the Yunnan Provincial Depart-
yao as one of the "Top 100 Chinese Stock Exchange Main Board in 2021. Value Award" for its unique mar- ment of Industry and Information Technology.
Enterprises for Sustainable Develop- Yunnan Baiyao received an A-class keting creativity, clear brand posi-
ment," ranking in joint fourth place. evaluation for 16 consecutive years tioning, and high brand trust.
from the Shenzhen Stock Exchange.
At the 7th IDC China Digital Transformation Annual Cer-
emony hosted by IDC (International Data Corporation) in
2022, Yunnan Baiyao Group's digital transformation devel-
opment project won the 2022 IDC China "Annual Future
Enterprise Award," and the ONE-BY digital talent full life cy-
cle management platform won the "Best in Future of Work"
award.
Yunnan Baiyao was honored with Yunnan Baiyao Group Traditional Yunnan Baiyao's "Baoqi" Panax
the Best Investor Relations Award for Chinese Medicine Resources Co., notoginseng ranked first on the "Top
Chinese Listed Companies in the 13th Ltd. was selected as one of the "Top 10 Famous Medicinal Herbs" list in
Investor Relations Award for Chinese 10 Green Food Enterprises" in Kun- Kunming.
Listed Companies (Tianma Awards) ming.
According to the 2022 Global
selection by the Securities Times.
Healthcare Brand Value List re-
leased by the British brand eval-
uation agency Brand Finance,
Yunnan Baiyao was listed as one of
the "Top 25 Pharma Brands" with a
brand value of USD 813 million. The China Association for Public Companies released the
list of cash dividends for A-share listed companies in 2021,
and Yunnan Baiyao was selected for both the "Generous
Return List" and the "Sincere Return List" for A-share listed
companies.
Yunnan Baiyao Group Traditional Chi- The China Association for Public Companies (CAPCO) held a conference to
nese Medicine Resources Co., Ltd. establish the Information and Digitization Committee, and released the Typical
was selected as one of the first batch of Cases of Digital Transformation of Chinese Listed Companies. The report se-
key units to be cultivated and support- lected 101 digital transformation cases of listed companies, among which there
ed by the National Traditional Chinese were 26 outstanding cases. Yunnan Baiyao's Digital Panax notoginseng Industry
Medicinal Materials Standardization Platform - Empowering Century-Old Chinese Medicine to Embark on Industry
and Quality Assessment Innovation Al- 4.0 was one of the outstanding cases in digital transformation for products and
liance. The selection reference was the services.
new version of Quality Management
Standards for the Production of Chi-
nese Medicinal Materials.
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT ABOUT US
09 10
Important Visits
On July 6
Yang Dawei, Director of the Enterprise Leadership Management Division of the
State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the Yunnan
On March 31
Provincial People's Government, Wang Hongxin, Secretary of the Party Com-
mittee and Chairman of the Yunnan Provincial State-owned Equity Operation
On May 19
Wang Jianying, Secretary of the Party Committee of Management Co., Ltd., Li Yinglin, Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee
Yunnan University of Finance and Economics, and her and General Manager, and other leaders of the Equity Operation Management
delegation of 11 people visited the Company. They were Major General Lu Chuangang, Member of the Co., Ltd visited Yunnan Baiyao for research and investigation. They visited the
received by Chief HR Officer Yu Juan. Standing Committee of the Yunnan Provincial Party logistics center, aerosol production line, and intelligent toothpaste factory, Yun-
Committee and Commander of the Provincial Mili-
nan Baiyao Museum, and had a discussion with the Joint Chairman of Yunnan
tary Region, visited the Company and was received
Baiyao, Chen Fashu, Chairman Wang Minghui, CEO Dong Ming, Executive
by CEO Dong Ming.
Director Yang Changhong, Director Chen Yanhui, and Secretary of the Board
Qian Yinghui.
On March 25 On April 21 On May 20 On November 19
Ma Zhongjun, Deputy Secretary of Wenshan Pre- Na Yunde, then Secretary of the Nujiang Yu Qineng, head of the Economic Investigation Team of the Zhang Chunxian, Vice Chairman of the Standing
fecture Party Committee and Governor of Wen- Prefecture Party Committee, and his del- Yunnan Provincial Public Security Department, and Zhang Committee of the National People's Congress and
shan Prefecture, visited the Company for research egation of 6 people visited the Company. Yaogui, Secretary of the Party Committee of the Environment member of the Party Group, Liu Hongjian, member
and investigation with his delegation. They were They were received by Yin Pinyao, Group's Food and Medicine Investigation Team, led a team to hold a of the Yunnan Provincial Party Committee and Sec-
received by CEO Dong Ming, Yin Pinyao, COO, COO, Senior Vice President, and Presi- symposium on police-enterprise cooperation at the Company. retary of the Kunming Municipal Party Committee,
Senior Vice President and President of the Tra- dent of the Traditional Chinese Medicine The symposium aimed to strengthen police-enterprise coop- visited Yunnan Baiyao. They were accompanied by
ditional Chinese Medicine Resources Business Resources Business Group, along with Lu eration, promote the co-construction of police and enterprises, Wang Minghui, Chairman of Yunnan Baiyao Group,
Group, and Zhu Zhaoyun, Academician of Chinese Hongdong, Deputy Secretary of the Party better guard the legitimate rights and interests of enterprises, Zhu Zhaoyun, Academician of the Chinese Acad-
Academy of Engineering and Director of Tradition- Committee of Yunnan Baiyao. and serve the healthy development of enterprises. Both sides emy of Engineering and strategic scientist of Chi-
al Chinese Medicine Research and Development. had in-depth discussions on the above topics and signed the nese medicine of Yunnan Baiyao Group, and Yang
Police-Enterprise Co-Construction Agreement. CEO Dong Ming Changhong, Executive Director of Yunnan Baiyao
attended the symposium and signed the agreement. Group.
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY MANAGEMENT
11 12
SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY MANAGEMENT Social Responsibility Communication
Yunnan Baiyao places a high value on stakeholder communication. Based on its own operation and governance, the Company takes
Social Responsibility Management into account each stakeholder's unique needs and characteristics and solicits the suggestions of stakeholders such as government and
regulatory agencies, shareholders, customers, employees, communities, and the general public through various channels. It identifies
each stakeholder's feedback and expectations of the Company, establishes an efficient stakeholder communication feedback mechanism,
and responds to the needs of all parties in a targeted manner, thereby comprehensively improving the Company's social responsibility
Yunnan Baiyao has always insisted on constantly improving its social responsibility management system while maintaining steady performance. The specific methods employed are as follows:
business growth. We coordinate and direct the Company's sustainable development practices, fulfill our national mission, and
demonstrate our accountability and commitment. As to sustainable development, we focus on the aspects that matter most to the capital
market and engage in various forms of communication and collaboration with stakeholders. We regularly review substantive issues in Interested parties Expectations and demands Our response
light of external trends and our own business operations, and prioritize timely and relevant disclosure of substantive issues based on
their importance and boundaries.
Compliance Information Disclosure
Comprehensive reports at shareholders' meetings
Identification and analysis of substantive issues matrix Standardized operation On-site, phone, email, interactive platform, and
Reasonable return on investment other forms of research
Steadily increasing company value, and ensuring
Shareholders stable dividends
Consumer rights protection Customer satisfaction survey
Ensuring product quality and safety Product recall system
Customer privacy protection Integrated customer service system
Intellectual property protection Product service and quality assurance
Customers
Standardized management and execution of
contracts and agreements
Integrity in business Regular exchange conferences and networking
Supply chain sustainability events
Timely communication Strict implementation of the bidding system
"Coming Home" activities
Partners
Collaboration in social responsibility
Staff Congress
Good working environment
Training, lectures, salons and other communication
Good welfare and benefits
activities
Vocational skills training and career
Themed networking activities
development paths
Impact on the sustainable development of Yunnan Baiyao Employees Employee feedback from work summary
Policy consultation
Fulfilling all obligations in accordance with the law
Compliant operation
and regulations
Paying taxes in accordance with the
Undertaking government projects
law
Reporting the Company's business performance on
Joint development
Government / a regular basis
Associations
Association activities and exchanges
Carrying out the "Into Baiyao" activities for public
visits
Reducing the impact of production
and operation on the surrounding Public opinion management and media
environment communication
Promoting health knowledge Carrying out public welfare activities such as
building a harmonious community, respecting
Community public Assisting disadvantaged groups and assisting the elderly, poverty alleviation and
education assistance
sredlohekats
fo
tnempoleved
elbaniatsus
eht
no
tcapmI
16 17
15
13 14 12
11 18
10
8
9
5
6
1 3 4 7
2
Internationalization process Green product service
1 10
Participating in public welfare activities Employee care
2 11
Driving progress in the industry Safe production
3 12
Contribution to national and regional economy Anti-corruption
4 13
Recruitment Occupational health
5 14
Environmental management Green and low-carbon development 6 15
Continuous innovation Corporate culture
7 16
Supply chain management Customer value creation
8 17
Emissions management Training and development
9 18
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT 2022 RESPONSIBILITY STORY - PRESERVING A CENTURY-OLD HERITAGE AND UPHOLDING THE SPIRIT OF CRAFTSMANSHIP
13 14
2022 RESPONSIBILITY STORY - PRESERVING A Craftsmanship and Source: The Foundation of Quality
CENTURY-OLD HERITAGE AND UPHOLDING THE
The saying "only good medicinal materials make good medicine" is widely accepted. To produce high-quality products, Yunnan Baiyao
SPIRIT OF CRAFTSMANSHIP
carefully chooses and compares medicinal materials from various sources. This is a crucial step for the Group in improving the quality of
its products and the value of its entire industrial chain.
Mr. Qu Huanzhang, a renowned Yi doctor, formulated Yunnan Baiyao With 120 years of Seventeen years ago, Yunnan Baiyao Group initiated its industrial layout with a foresighted perspective and established a complete
in 1902 by fusing traditional Chinese medicine and ethnic medicine. industry chain, successfully ensuring the quantity and quality of its pharmaceutical products. For example, at the Group's Wuding
Yunnan Baiyao, with 120 years of continuous construction and continuous construction and medicinal materials planting base, the quality of medicinal materials is carefully controlled from the beginning of the cultivation process.
development, has adhered to the Baiyao spirit for over a century development This approach has contributed to not only the production of high-quality medicinal materials varieties, but also a series of impressive
and integrates modern advanced technology into production. The achievements in the field of medicinal materials cultivation. The cultivation and domestication of Paris polyphylla, a wild plant species,
Company is constantly innovating and breaking new ground, and it required countless efforts, perseverance, and time from the dedicated Baiyao team.
has now grown into a large modern pharmaceutical group with two
19
dosage forms
national first-class protected traditional Chinese medicine varieties,
19 dosage forms, and over 300 varieties.
300
Over varieties
Paris polyphylla
Paris polyphylla is a kind of traditional Chinese medicine that is one of Yunnan Baiyao Group's key strategic herbs. Recent research has
revealed that both Paris polyphylla and its chemical constituents have a wide range of physiological activities, including antibacterial,
anti-inflammatory, anti-tumor, sedative, and analgesic properties, cough and asthma relief, and anti-fertility effects, implying a significant
potential for use in medical fields. However, as wild Paris polyphylla grows slowly, the consumption of its medicinal material far outpaces
its growth rate.
With the rapid growth of the Chinese healthcare industry, there has been a substantial increase in the use of medicine derived from
raw materials sourced from Paris polyphylla by pharmaceutical companies. However, the excessive exploitation of this resource over
"
The reason for the century-long success of Yunnan Baiyao a prolonged period has reduced the quantity of wild Paris polyphylla. It takes 8 to 10 years to grow Paris polyphylla from planting to
lies in two main pillars: the spirit of craftsmanship and " harvesting, and in order to obtain more raw materials, pharmaceutical companies have significantly increased the procurement price of
the spirit of entrepreneurship. The former ensures quality, this resource. This significant procurement price hike has further fueled farmers' enthusiasm towards picking and digging, enabling a digging
efficacy, and reputation, while the latter drives the growth speed surpassing the natural growth rate of Paris polyphylla. Consequently, this valuable resource has become increasingly scarce.
and expansion of the business into an industry.
In the 1970s, the wild Paris polyphylla in China had been over-harvested to extinction. At that time, China relied primarily on imports
from Southeast Asia to obtain the plant, and a lack of resources became a bottleneck for the sustainable development of the Yunnan
Baiyao industry. Because relying solely on wild resources was no longer feasible in order to meet market demand, artificial cultivation
- Premier Li Keqiang became the unavoidable solution to the Paris polyphylla shortage. In this context, Premier Zhou Enlai issued an important directive to
domesticate Yunnan Baiyao's raw material plant from the wild to artificial cultivation. Yunnan Baiyao Group began looking into ways
to ensure a steady supply of raw medicinal materials. Among the 24 subspecies of Paris polyphylla worldwide, the Company visited
South America, Europe, and Africa, bringing back 23 seeds for further study in China. After two decades of meticulous research, Paris
polyphylla was eventually transformed from a wild plant to a factory-produced medicinal materials.
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT 2022 RESPONSIBILITY STORY - PRESERVING A CENTURY-OLD HERITAGE AND UPHOLDING THE SPIRIT OF CRAFTSMANSHIP
15 16
Advanced Deployment of Chonglou Industry in Multiple Locations - Yunnan Baiyao (Lijiang) Advanced Deployment of Paris Polyphylla Industry in Multiple Locations – Yunnan Baiyao Wuding
Ecological Science and Technology Industrial Park Planting Base
In February 2017, Yunnan Baiyao Group collaborated with the Yulong People's Government of Lijiang City in accordance As the Paris polyphylla planting industry grows, there is a severe shortage of seedlings in the market, especially high-
with its comprehensive health strategy, leveraging Yunnan Baiyao's advantages in brand, technology, and talent, as well quality ones. At the same time, due to the difficulty of growing Paris polyphylla and long cultivation cycle, we face significant
as the superior traditional Chinese medicinal and biological resources in Yulong County, to establish a "Yunnan Baiyao constraints in cultivating and promoting Paris polyphylla. Through years of efforts, the Wuding Planting Base has studied the
(Lijiang) Ecological Science and Technology Industrial Park" in Tai'an. The park completed the construction of infrastructure, entire growth cycle from seed to commercial medicinal materials, and has successfully achieved artificial cultivation of Paris
environment renovations, temperature-controlled greenhouses, and other facilities after three years following the project polyphylla var. yunnanensis.
plan. Its seed germination chambers were established, and the decoction pieces production line renovations were
completed, obtaining a permit granted for production. The total investment was nearly RMB 100 million. The new Paris polyphylla var. yunnanensis varieties "Baiyao Paris polyphylla var. yunnanensis No. 1" and "Baiyao
Paris polyphylla var. yunnanensis No. 2," were registered on June 29, 2014. They are the new varieties through artificial
As for Paris polyphylla, the park has completed germplasm conservation, display planting, and seedling cultivation after cultivation obtained by the Wuding Planting Base through single-plant selection and phased propagation. As the
three years of construction, covering a total of 107 acres, with 82 acres dedicated to germplasm planting and 25 acres independently developed intellectual property of Yunnan Baiyao Group, these two varieties have laid a solid foundation for
to seedling cultivation. Additionally, it has constructed a Paris polyphylla germplasm nursery, amassing 23 species and the breeding, standardized cultivation and planting promotion of high-quality Paris polyphylla. These efforts have boosted
53 varieties of Paris polyphylla plants. This has transformed it into a comprehensive site boasting with a wide variety of the healthy development of the Paris polyphylla planting industry.
species in Northwest Yunnan. In compliance with GAP1 requirements, the park has established various types of planting
management and protection techniques systems, as well as a traceability system for Paris polyphylla. It has obtained 1
invention patent, 3 new varieties, 1 high-quality variety, and 4 local standards.
It has obtained
1 invention patent 3 new varieties 1 high-quality variety 4 local standards
Preserving Founding Principles
and Committing to the
Development Mission
On the occasion of Yunnan Baiyao 120th anniversary, the Company. "To guard life and health" has always been Yunnan
Company proposed the philosophy of "assisting our nation Baiyao's core value. Dong Ming stressed that during wartime, we
and families in achieving their goals for health and prosperity." guarded people by healing injuries; whereas, during peacetime,
The founder and subsequent inheritors of the Company have Yunnan Baiyao would expand into the field of comprehensive
consistently demonstrated an unwavering devotion to the health.
country and the public, which has become deeply ingrained in
the brand's heritage. Looking ahead, Yunnan Baiyao will maintain its "New Baiyao,
Comprehensive Health" strategy, leveraging its existing
"The Yunnan Baiyao powder protected health over a century capital, brand, channels, and market positioning advantages
ago. However, in this technologically dominated era, businesses to consolidate and improve its existing business sectors. With
must change their approach to serving and protecting users." a more open mindset, Yunnan Baiyao will create an integrated
CEO Dong Ming emphasized that after 120 years of the national industrial ecosystem in finance, capital, industry, products, and
brand's existence, it is critical to determine the Company's services. The aim is to foster new innovative capabilities and
mission and responsibility to the nation. In response, Yunnan facilitate its ecological development. In doing so, we will promote
Baiyao will provide product solutions based on the most strategic planning and commercial model innovation to increase
advanced production relations and productivity of this era, the Company's core competitiveness in the future.
which is connected with the future development planning of the
Paris polyphylla planting
1 GAP, short for Good Agricultural Practice, is a set of operating standards aimed at agricultural product production, including crop planting and animal
breeding. The purpose of this standard is to enhance the quality and safety management level of agricultural production bases, making it an effective
means and tool.
YYYUUUNNNNNNAAANNN BBBAAAIIIYYYAAAOOO 222000222222 CCCOOORRRPPPOOORRRAAATTTEEE SSSOOOCCCIIIAAALLL RRREEESSSPPPOOONNNSSSIIIBBBIIILLLIIITTTYYY AAANNNDDD EEESSSGGG RRREEEPPPOOORRRTTT 2022 RESPONSIBILITY STORY - INNOVATING AND EXPLORING TO EMPOWER INDUSTRY GROWHT
1177 18
2022 RESPONSIBILITY Innovation Forum Promotes
Integration of Industry,
STORY - INNOVATING
University and Research
Pharmaceutical Innovation and Technology Frontier Forum 2022
AND EXPLORING TO
The Peking University-Yunnan Baiyao International Medical
EMPOWER INDUSTRY Research Lab’s research accomplishments truly serve soci- In light of this, the "Pharmaceutical Innovation and Technology Frontier Forum 2022," was hosted by the Peking University
ety’s "last mile," representing an exploration of the integration Health Science Center and Yunnan Baiyao Group, and was organized by the Peking University-Yunnan Baiyao International
GROWHT of industry, university, and research between the two medical Medical Research Center. The event included "Academic Reports," the "Baiyao and Pharmaceutical Innovation Forum," and
brands, Peking University Health Science Center and Yunnan the "Baiyao and Clinical Transformation Forum." We leveraged the talent advantages of Peking University and the market
Baiyao. According to Academician Qiao Jie, the integration of advantages of Yunnan Baiyao Group to promote deep integration of industry, university, and research in the pharmaceutical
the academic and industrial innovation chains has long been a industry, achieving true unity of economic and social benefits.
Looking back on the 120-year development journey weak point in China’s medical innovation landscape, which ne-
of Yunnan Baiyao, the Company has always pursued cessitates collaborative efforts from experts and scholars from This forum focused on the forefront of medical technology development in the new era, bringing together well-known
technological innovation while maintaining its various fields to address the challenges of insufficient quantity, domestic and foreign experts in the fields of oncology, reproductive medicine, trauma orthopedics, pharmacy, dentistry, and
century-old brand and traditional Chinese medicine low quality, fragmentation, and unevenness in health and medi- medical aesthetics. They discussed and exchanged advanced medical concepts, technological innovations, and service
culture. The Company has adopted various strategies cal technology innovation. experiences on the forum. It showcased the latest achievements in medical technology development at home and abroad.
such as "Stabilizing the center and expanding the Participants planned to promote the future development of medicine, striving to create a high-end medical academic brand
wings" and "New Baiyao, Comprehensive Health," with international influence that was refined and distinctive.
with a focus on the "medicine" while continuously
expanding its business. The 120th anniversary of
Yunnan Baiyao not only commemorates its past
“
achievements but also marks a new beginning and a
time of growth. Universities must collaborate with enterprises,
hospitals, and research institutions. On“ly by
Yunnan Baiyao has always been driven by the firmly integrating these four technological forces
spirits of entrepreneurship and craftsmanship, and it can we connect the academic and industrial
gathers strength from all parties and achieves even innovation chains.
more remarkable accomplishments in the relentless
pursuit of self-improvement. Yunnan Baiyao is ——Qiao Jie, Academician of the
unwavering in its commitment to creating, sustaining, Chinese Academy of Engineering and
and extending the legacy of its renowned Baiyao Executive Vice President of Peking University
products as it works to realize the Chinese Dream
and build a healthy China.
The Peking University-Yunnan Baiyao International Medical Re-
search Center will recruit and gather top international talents in
various disciplines, and cultivate a globally competitive team of
experts to support the Center’s development through high-level
innovative research and talent cultivation. This effort will pro-
mote multiple disciplines to reach world-class levels, generate
significant international academic achievements, and cultivate a
group of scientists with significant international influence. Both
parties are currently engaged in technology transfer activities,
hoping to truly lead the way in the fields of traumatology and
Pharmaceutical Innovation and Technology Frontier Forum 2022
osteology on a national and even global scale.
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT 2022 RESPONSIBILITY STORY - INNOVATING AND EXPLORING TO EMPOWER INDUSTRY GROWHT
19 20
Constant Exploration to Facilitate Industry Development
Yunnan Baiyao has been closely collaborating with various sectors of society, including the government, universities, institutions, and
experts, to promote innovation in medical and health technology, and to drive high-quality development in the biopharmaceutical industry,
as evidenced by its rapid development. On the occasion of its 120th anniversary, Yunnan Baiyao once again intensified its efforts and
announced that it will jointly host the "Qiyun Conference on Life and Health Science" (hereinafter referred to as the "Qiyun Conference")
in August 2023 with the Kunming Municipal People's Government and Peking University, ushering in a new era in the development of
Yunnan's biopharmaceutical industry.
Fujian Fashu Charity Foundation donation ceremony for establishing the "Qiyun Science Award"
We guard life and health through product innovation, promoting "Yunnan Baiyao aims to become a leading provider of
biopharmaceutical science and industry development through comprehensive pharmaceutical and healthcare solutions in
"Qiyun Conference on Life and Health Science" opening ceremony the Qiyun Conference and Qiyun Science Award. In addition, about 15 years," Dong Ming said. The Company will adopt a
Yunnan Baiyao continues to contribute to public health and "dual-engine drive" strategy, combining endogenous growth with
health equity through various means. Yunnan Baiyao held external expansion. It strives to be a practitioner and paragon of
the opening ceremonies of the Yunnan Baiyao Museum and Chinese medical culture and industry. It also aims to become an
As a high-level and high-standard industry conference in the Meanwhile, the Fujian Fashu Charity Foundation donated RMB
Yunnan Baiyao Exploration Gallery to commemorate its 120th innovator and pioneer of the "Chinese approach" to medical and
life sciences and medical field in China, the Qiyun Conference 120 million to establish a non-profit science award called the
anniversary. The Yunnan Baiyao Museum "connects the past" health care, ultimately contributing to the well-being of humanity.
will be redesigned and upgraded based on the "Pharmaceutical "Qiyun Science Award," which will be presented during the
by promoting traditional Chinese medicine culture, introducing
Innovation and Technology Frontier Forum," which had Qiyun Conference to recognize top Chinese scientists who have
the history of Chinese and Western medicine, and telling the
been held for two consecutive years. The conference aims made outstanding contributions in the field of life sciences and
development history of Yunnan Baiyao over the past 120 years.
to comprehensively improve the innovative capabilities of healthcare. We hope that, under the direction of the "Qiyun
The Yunnan Baiyao Exploration Gallery "reflects the future" by
industry, academia, and research in the field of biomedicine Conference on Life and Health Science" and the "Qiyun Science
offering various services in fields such as orthopedics, medical
and comprehensive health. It also promotes industry-university- Award," more outstanding talents can be gathered to jointly
cosmetology, and skin and oral health services.
research integration, and plays a strategic supporting role in promote the development of China's life sciences and medical
the high-quality development of the biopharmaceutical industry industry to guard life and health.
at a higher level and on a larger scale. It strives to make
contributions to supporting the construction of a healthy China
and promoting the innovative development of life sciences.
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT CORPORATE GOVERANCE
21 22
CORPORATE
GOVERANCE
Yunnan Baiyao continues to improve its corporate governance structure
and has developed a more comprehensive plan in accordance with its
digital transformation strategy. Through systematic capacity building
in organizational structure, management system, business processes,
technological means, and supervisory mechanisms, the Company has
strengthened its internal control through digitalization. The internal
control system framework has become more complete and reasonable,
meeting the needs of enterprise development. The Company also
persists in advancing anti-corruption and integrity of its CPC team,
effectively protecting the rights and interests of investors, and utilizing
excellent governance to contribute to the Company's long-term
sustainable development.
This chapter corresponds to the following Sustainable Development Goals:
01
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT CORPORATE GOVERANCE
23 24
Corporate Governance
Yunnan Baiyao strictly follows the provisions and requirements of the Articles of Association and
the Rules of Procedure for Shareholders' Meetings. It standardizes the procedures for convening,
Shareholders'
Yunnan Baiyao adheres strictly to the Company Law of the People's Republic of China, the Securities Law of the People's Republic Meeting holding, and voting at shareholders' meetings, treats all shareholders equally and ensures that
of China and other relevant laws and regulations. It continually improves its corporate governance structure based on its actual shareholders can fully exercise their rights. The Company held two shareholders' meetings in 2022.
development and the requirements of regulatory authorities. It has established a multi-level management system that is based on
the Company's Articles of Association and covers all aspects of its operations, forming a decision-making and management structure
primarily consisting of the shareholders' meeting, the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors, and the management team. This
structure aims to protect the interests of the Company and all shareholders.
Yunnan Baiyao strictly follows the relevant provisions of the Articles of Association and the Rules of
Procedure for the Board of Directors, actively promoting the standardized and efficient operation of
the Board of Directors. All Directors of the Company strictly carry out their work in accordance with
regulations, attend board meetings and shareholders' meetings diligently, and fulfill their duties as
directors with due diligence. Independent directors review relevant proposals based on independent
judgment and express independent opinions in a responsible manner towards the Company, all
shareholders, and investors.
Board of
Directors Yunnan Baiyao has been continuously promoting the diversification of the Board. The Board
of Directors consists of seven directors and four independent directors. Board members have
diverse professional backgrounds in fields such as law, finance, auditing, management, risk
control, investment, mergers and acquisitions, and medical reform, bringing diversified experience
Shareholders' meeting and expertise to the Company. The Board of Directors has four well-functioning specialized sub-
committees: the Strategy Committee, the Audit Committee, the Nominating Committee, and the
Remuneration and Evaluation Committee.
Board of Supervisors
Yunnan Baiyao elects the Board of Supervisors in strict accordance with laws and regulations
such as the Company Law, the Articles of Association, and the Rules of Procedure for the Board
of Supervisors. The Board of Supervisors consists of four supervisors, including two employee
Board of
Board of Directors representatives and two shareholder representatives. They fulfill their duties with integrity, diligence,
Supervisors
and responsibility, supervising the company's financial status and the legality and compliance of
The Board of Directors and senior managers' performance. They effectively safeguard the legitimate
rights and interests of the Company and the shareholders.
Strategy Audit Nominating Remuneration and
Committee Committee Committee Evaluation Committee
Yunnan Baiyao has been constantly improving its internal control system. It has created the Internal
Control Management Manual and implemented risk assessment and control in business processes
in conjunction with the special supervision system, internal information system, Party building and
integrity, and asset management.
The Audit Committee under The Board of Directors is responsible for supervising the internal control,
internal audit, and audit of the annual report. It authorizes the Audit and Risk Control Department
to carry out specific internal control, and facilitates the real-time inspection and improvement of the
Company's internal control design and operation through routine audits, special audits, and special
Management team
Internal investigations. This has promoted continuous improvement of internal control quality, and ensured the
Control
Company's stable and proper operation.
System
In 2022, Yunnan Baiyao continued to advance its internal control system construction, establishing and
The Corporate Governance Structure of Yunnan Baiyao
improving internal control regulations and business processes to comprehensively strengthen its internal
control framework. With this foundation in place, we persisted in creating a conducive atmosphere for
internal control within the Company, conducting self-assessments to generate internal control reports.
Through the "Risk Management Online" platform, we regularly disseminated risk prevention and
control knowledge related to internal control, internal audit, risk management, and asset management,
cultivating a corporate culture of risk management with company-wide participation. Throughout the
year, Yunnan Baiyao maintained effective internal control over all major risks.
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT CORPORATE GOVERANCE
25 26
Shareholders and Investors' Rights and Interests Party Building
Yunnan Baiyao is committed to guarding the legitimate rights and interests of shareholders and investors, taking effective measures to Yunnan Baiyao consistently regards enterprise development as its guiding principle, remains committed to following the CPC's
ensure they receive reasonable returns on their investments. The Company closely attends to the expectations and requirements of leadership and has appointed an assistant to liaise with multiple grassroots Party organizations. The assistant is responsible for following
investors and shareholders, and diligently fulfills its information disclosure obligations. The Company regularly holds investor interviews up on Party affairs and group work of the responsible Party organizations, conveying the basic requirements and innovation demands to
and communication activities, promptly disclosing its operating conditions and business progress to investors, establishing an efficient each grassroots Party organization, and ensuring the timeliness and effectiveness of various work. Through these efforts, the Company
and smooth interaction and communication mechanism to ensure the legitimacy and effectiveness of company decisions. It highly values achieves full process clarity of various activities in the Party-mass system.
and carefully listens to the opinions and suggestions of small and medium-sized investors and overseas institutional investors, adopts
and implements reasonable ones, effectively guarding their interests. In 2022, the Company planned to distribute cash dividends of Yunnan Baiyao adheres to the principle of "listening to and following the Party," actively carries out Party-building work under the correct
RMB 15.2 (including tax) per 10 shares to all shareholders, based on the total share capital of 1,784,262,603 shares after deducting the direction, demonstrates the exemplary role of advanced models, and inspires Party organizations at all levels and the majority of Party
12,599,946 shares repurchased and held in a dedicated stock repurchase account. The total amount of cash dividends distributed was members so as to learn from the exemplary individuals and strive for progress.
RMB 2,712,079,157. This made the Company one of the listed companies with the highest shareholder returns in A-shares.
At the Group's Party committee level, the first issue system and the centralized group theoretical study system are adopted, with
multiple organized learning sessions throughout the year. In accordance with the arrangements and deployment of the provincial Party
Building upon truthful, accurate, complete, timely, and fair information disclosure, Yunnan Baiyao utilizes a variety of tools, including the
committee's "Two New" Work Committee, which focuses on newly emerging industry organizations and new social organizations, regular
Investor Relations section of the official website, the Interaction Easy platform of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, the investor interaction
democratic life meetings are held for the study of Party history education. In the Grassroots Party Organization Quarterly Work Guidance
platform, investor interviews, and roadshows, to establish a comprehensive and 24/7 investor communication platform, ensuring
Manual, the theoretical learning direction and content for grassroots Party organizations are specified, and the corresponding learning
investors receive real-time information. In 2022, the Company answered 516 inquiries through investor hotline and we held 72 online
materials are compiled and distributed by the Party-mass Work Department. Each grassroots Party organization, based on the actual
or on-site investor relations activities, and received 268 institutional investors and analysts. We answered 342 questions with a perfect
work, conducts centralized theoretical learning through various forms, such as individual study, Party group study, internal branch study,
response rate of 100%. The Shenzhen Stock Exchange has consistently ranked the Company's high-quality information disclosure and
external branch study, secretary's Party lectures, expert Party lectures, and on-site teaching. In 2022, a total of over 150 centralized
investor relationship management as Class A for 16 consecutive years, which demonstrates its leadership position in this domain.
theoretical learning sessions were organized, and all 64 grassroots Party organizations held democratic life meetings. The training
involved 1,458 Party members, covering 100% of Party members, including 65 new members.
Yunnan Baiyao's Learning about the 20th CPC National Congress
516 72
inquiries answered through investor hotline investor relations activities held online or on-site After the successful conclusion of the 20th CPC National Congress, the Party Committee of Yunnan Baiyao promptly invited
Zhu Zhaoyun, the Group's representative, to convey the key points of the congress and conduct a series of study sessions
to implement its spirit. This quickly created an atmosphere of enthusiasm for learning and implementing the 20th CPC
National Congress spirit throughout the Company, ensuring that its principles are effectively implemented within Yunnan
Baiyao.
The Party Committee emphasized that the study, promotion, and implementation of the 20th Party Congress's spirit should
be the primary task and long-term strategic mission for the current and future periods. It explicitly requested that party
organizations at all levels should demonstrate a strong sense of political responsibility, make rapid arrangements to fully
engage in the learning and implementation of the 20th CPC National Congress spirit. Theoretical learning groups at every
level should prioritize studying the 20th CPC National Congress spirit, with party members and leaders, particularly those
in leadership positions, taking the lead in learning and applying the principles. At the same time, all departments should
268 342 100% spearhead the effort to learn and apply those directives to present a new look in the future.
institutional investors questions answered A perfect response rate of
and analysts received
Owing to its excellent performance in the capital market, Yunnan Baiyao has been included in various indices such as the MSCI Index,
the FTSE Emerging Markets Index, the Shanghai and Shenzhen 300 Index, and the CSI 100 Index. The Company has also proactively
responded to the capital market's expectations and concerns regarding environmental, social, and governance issues. In 2022, Yunnan
Baiyao's MSCI ESG rating continued to maintain an A rating, which makes the Company the only listed pharmaceutical company on the
Shenzhen Stock Exchange to receive an A rating for two consecutive years. Additionally, the Company continued to hold the highest
rating in Yunnan Province, and is the only listed company in the province to receive an A rating.
Yunnan Baiyao's study session about 20th CPC National Congress
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT CORPORATE GOVERANCE
27 28
Anti-Corruption and Integrity
In 2022, Yunnan Baiyao marked its 120th anniversary. Over the past year, under the guidance of the Group's Party Committee and
Welcoming the 20th CPC National Congress and Embarking on a New Journey - The Party
the higher-level Discipline Inspection Committee, the Group's Discipline Inspection Committee carried out a comprehensive study
Building and Integrity Lecture
and implementation of the 20th National Congress of the CPC's spirit. This effort helped to deepen the understanding of the crucial
importance of the "two establishments," effectively reinforced the "four consciousnesses" and steadfastly maintained "four self-
confidences" to achieve the "two guards." With a focus on Party building and integrity, the Company adheres to laws and regulations, On October 19, 2022, to further strengthen Party conduct and integrity education, and solidify the ideological and moral
integrates these principles into daily operations, and strives to create a corruption-free ecosystem that will enable stable and sustainable defense against corruption, the joint Party Committee and Discipline Inspection Committee of Yunnan Institute of Materia
development for the century-old enterprise. Medica, Central Research Institute, and Strategy Development Research Institute invited Li Jin, Secretary of the Discipline
Inspection Committee of Yunnan Baiyao, to give a special lecture on Party conduct and integrity themed "Welcoming the
20th National Congress and Embarking on a New Journey."
Internal Anti-Corruption System More than 40 participants attended the lecture in the No. 4 Conference Room of the Yunnan Institute of Materia Medica,
including the Company’s Discipline Inspection Committee members, secretaries of Discipline Inspection Committees from
the business groups, relevant personnel from the Process Management Center, members of the joint Party Committee and
Yunnan Baiyao is committed to continuously enhancing its discipline inspection and supervision system, deepening its efforts to address
Discipline Inspection Committee, secretaries and members from subordinate Party branches. Other Party members and
both symptoms and root causes, and strengthening the construction of a culture of integrity in the new era. The Company educates and
cadres participated simultaneously through Tencent Meeting.
guides Party members to improve their awareness of integrity and establishes a system combining punishment, power regulation and
education to achieve better institutional results and greater governance efficiency. In 2018, the Compilation of Discipline Inspection and
Supervision System of Yunnan Baiyao was completed, comprising various documents such as the Disciplinary Committee System, the
Lettering and Reporting System, the Integrity Risk Prevention and Control Management Measures, and the Party Building and Integrity
Construction Work Responsibility System, was established. In 2022, timely updates and adjustments were made to ensure alignment
with the Company's operational characteristics.
Integrity Management Building
Li Jin, secretary of the Disciplinary Committee of the Company,
lectures on the construction of Party building and integrity management
In accordance with the unified arrangements of the Party At the beginning of 2022, Yunnan Baiyao officially released
Committee of the Company, the Discipline Inspection its Business Ethics and Code of Conduct. CEO Dong Ming
Committee organized study sessions for all Party members took an oath on behalf of all employees, after which all staff
through individual self-study and collective learning. The members signed the Yunnan Baiyao Business Ethics and Code
members focused on General Sacretary Xi Jinping's report at of Conduct Commitment. The Group's Discipline Inspection
the 20th National Congress of the CPC, the revised Constitution Committee emphasized the concept of "not daring to be corrupt,
of the Communist Party of China, and the Work Report of the cannot be corrupt, and do not wish to be corrupt." While strictly
Nineteenth Central Commission for Discipline Inspection on the supervising and enforcing discipline, they held pre-appointment
"Anti-Corruption and Integrity Promotion" Education and "Integrity Warning" Education
20th National Congress of the CPC. A total of four concentrated integrity reminder talks with 205 department heads, managers,
theoretical study sessions were organized throughout the year. and key personnel in positions such as engineering construction
and supply chain operations, according to adjustments in In 2022, the Secretary of Yunnan Baiyao's Discipline Inspection Committee lectured twice on integrity. Party members
The construction of integrity management is a crucial aspect of administrative and Party organization structures. All signed and staff in key positions were organized to watch clean governance educational videos such as Integrity in Mind, Nanhua
Yunnan Baiyao's anti-corruption and integrity promotion efforts, the Commitment to Integrity and Clean Practice, clarifying Business Story, Building Nests to Invite Phoenixes, Integrity in Action in State-owned Enterprises and Practices of Anti-
and it is a long-term, arduous and complicated systematic the responsibilities, scope, and content for each level of corruption in Yunnan. Over 30 staff in key positions were organized to visit the National Security Education Center of
project. Starting from the characteristics of modern corporate management in Party building and integrity. Yunnan Province. Party members of the Company also carefully studied the spirit of the conference held by the Provincial
governance, the Discipline Inspection Committee of Yunnan Discipline Inspection Commission and the Provincial Supervision Commission on further strengthening Party building and
Baiyao carries out its inspection and supervision in combination Yunnan Baiyao consistently implements the policy of setting integrity for provincial state-owned enterprises following the implementation of the 20th CPC National Congress spirit.
with the Company's risk prevention and control, internal audit, up integrity warnings in prominent locations for all ongoing Throughout the year, grassroots Party organizations carried out 51 study sessions on integrity management, with nearly a
internal control, business compliance and process management. construction projects and issuing integrity reminders in the thousand participants.
The committee actively explores the ways of effective integration procurement transfer box. During important holidays such as
of disciplinary inspection work and business development. Its New Year's Day, Spring Festival, Mid-Autumn Festival, and
members diligently fulfill their supervisory responsibilities and National Day, anti-corruption messages are sent to all Party
foster a working atmosphere that abides by regulations and members in advance. Throughout the year, six pre-holiday
respects integrity. The committee continuously strengthens integrity reminders were given, and there were no violations of
anti-corruption supervision and culture construction, promotes regulations among Yunnan Baiyao's management personnel
the construction of a clean culture within the Company, and during these holiday periods.
gradually establishes a long-term mechanism for the prevention
of corruption and risk management.
Mr. Xu Dong gives a briefing on Dong Xun, secretary of a primary-level party
process management committee, delivers a concluding speech
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT PIONEERING THE IDEA OF "COMPREHENSIVE HEALTH" AND PROVIDING QUALITY AND INNOVATIVE PRODUCTS
29 30
PIONEERING THE IDEA OF
"COMPREHENSIVE HEALTH"
AND PROVIDING QUALITY AND
INNOVATIVE PRODUCTS
Yunnan Baiyao, formulated in 1902, is a time-honored brand and a well-known trademark in China. The
Company is among the first batch of national innovative enterprises, and its main economic indicators
remain at the forefront of China's traditional Chinese medicine industry. Guided by an innovation-
driven development philosophy, the Company reshapes its multi-brand system through technology,
product, and management innovations and strives to build an all-encompassing pharma industrial chain
that includes Chinese patent medicine, personal care products, health care products, and commercial
logistics. As a result, we have successfully expanded our pharmaceutical brand into the healthcare and
services sectors. We have consistently ranked first on Chinese brand lists published by Interbrand,
Hurun, and The Brand Consultancy.
This chapter corresponds to the following Sustainable Development Goals:
02
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT PIONEERING THE IDEA OF "COMPREHENSIVE HEALTH" AND PROVIDING QUALITY AND INNOVATIVE PRODUCTS
31 32
As a representative brand in traditional Chinese medicine and orthopedics
Gaining Insights into
and traumatology solutions, Yunnan Baiyao builds on its past legacy and
Healthcare Needs and combines TCM with modern science and technology. We follow our users'
footsteps by constructively developing and refining our product offerings
Offering a Diverse based on consumers' demands, and aim to address problems in modern
medicine and modern life. The Company enhanced product management
Establishing ToothTalk SKU- the Framework for a Comprehensive Oral Health Solution
Portfolio of Products across the board by focusing on the business segments of TCM,
orthopedics, skin care, and oral care in 2022. Our efforts in a wide range of
areas have also enabled ongoing breakthroughs in healthcare products and From July to December 2022, Yunnan Baiyao brought 23 SKUs from its ToothTalk product line to market, marking the
oral care solutions and ensured steady revenue streams from all lines of establishment of a framework for the comprehensive oral health solution. The products include ToothTalk Smart Magic Box,
business. dental mirror, electric toothbrush, water flosser, mouth rinse, and mouth spray. Our ToothTalk products have ranked first in
the mouth spray category on Douyin, an emerging e-commerce platform.
Building a Stronger Brand
In 2022, Yunnan Baiyao launched a series of internal and external integration activities. As a result, we clarified our brand architecture,
developed and implemented brand and trademark regulations, created a brand marketing matrix, established a brand ecology, and built
internal publicity channels. Furthermore, we have invigorated Yunnan Baiyao quality and efficiency operations, integrated the product
portfolio of the business unit, established a vertical communications platform, and organized various activities through the platform
Youliaoshe to share best practices. In celebration of Yunnan Baiyao's 120th anniversary, we engaged in a variety of activities to build
a greater brand reputation, reduce costs while improving efficiency, leverage our consumer operations strategy, and create smooth
channels for brand collaboration, ushering in a new era for Yunnan Baiyao through innovations.
ToothTalk SKU-comprehensive oral health solution
Obtaining Recordation Certificates for its Highland Bio-Energy Healthcare Products
On December 30, 2022, Yunnan Baiyao Group Lijiang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. developed seven Highland Bio-Energy
healthcare products, which included Fish Oil Soft Capsules, Coenzyme Q10 Soft Capsules, Broken-Wall Ganoderma
Lucidum Spore Powder Granules, Broken-Wall Ganoderma Lucidum Spore Powder Capsules, Melatonin Tablets, Melatonin
Launching the Smart Oral Health Integration Box with Kanya Platform
Soft Capsules, and Spirulina Capsules, and obtained the corresponding recordation certificates. These products can provide
wide-ranging healthcare functions, including reducing blood fat, enhancing immunity, resisting oxidation, and improving
sleep quality.
In 2022, Yunnan Baiyao's Oral Intelligent Care
Comprehensive Solution BU partnered with Kanya
Platform and jointly launched a Smart Oral Health
Integration Box. They improved user experience
by adding user-friendly functions, such as online
inquiry in the Box and telephone inquiry with oral
health experts, to provide one-stop solutions. The
Integration Box also leveraged its "3+1+1" Intelligent
Hardware, offering comprehensive support to users'
oral health. Additionally, we launched the AI dental
photo evaluation service on the Kanya App, allowing
users to get their oral health checked by AI Oral
Expert with a quick click. The App also provides
some knowledge on oral health and could give users
personal care recommendations. Users' regular use
of the feature can help them address common oral
issues in a timely manner.
User interface of Smart Oral Health Integration Box
Yunnan Baiyao's Highland Bio-Energy healthcare products
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT PIONEERING THE IDEA OF "COMPREHENSIVE HEALTH" AND PROVIDING QUALITY AND INNOVATIVE PRODUCTS
33 34
Building Better Platforms
In 2022, Yunnan Baiyao used insights from its business operations and future outlook to accelerate the construction of its platforms.
The Company improved upon its multi-dimensional network at headquarters, subsidiary, and individual levels in order to build a better
Baoqi Panax notoginseng being Included in the 2022 Top 10 Local Specialties List of Yunnan
marketing service network and align business operations across various platforms. We enhanced our variety strength by introducing
more high-quality varieties, and increased customer loyalty by launching value-added service projects. The level of integration between
the parent company and subsidiaries was further enhanced, and subsidiaries gained a more prominent competitive advantage in
Having passed 208 safety testing procedures by the globally trusted SGS (Société Générale de Surveillance) in Switzerland,
community-level medical markets.
Yunnan Baiyao's Baoqi Panax notoginseng product was of superior quality. Our Panax notoginseng plant was grown in fully
traceable GAP-compliant plant bases that has successively passed the organic certification by the Japanese Agricultural
Standards, the US National Organic Program and China Quality Mark Certification Group, and met the "Euro Leaf" logo use
requirements. Wenshan Prefecture Government awarded a Wenshan Panax notoginseng Geographic Label to our product.
We employ modern GMP-compliant cleaning and processing techniques to produce Panax notoginseng decoction pieces
so as to eliminate mud, bacteria, parasite, and other impurities. For the cooked Panax notoginseng powder, we adopt
modern steaming techniques instead of the traditional frying procedure to protect effective ingredients from loss. Developing the Smart Management Platform for Primary-Level Medical Institutions
Yunnan Baiyao is the first company in the industry to use freeze drying technique (FD) in production. Therefore, our product
contain only 3% of water, retaining more effective ingredients. The amount of saponin in our Baoqi Panax notoginseng
In 2022, Yunnan Baiyao's Smart Management Platform for primary-level medical institutions focused on medicine
product surpass the national threshold by 20%.
management in primary-level medical institutions of the tightly knit county-level medical community and the Company
constantly improved the Platform by adding more user-friendly features. Bearing the special characteristics of medicine
management in primary-level medical institutions in mind, Yunnan Baiyao embedded different levels and categories of
authority and functions into the Platform and flexibly adjusted them to meet the management requirements in different
counties, meeting the operation and management needs of primary-level medical institutions.
In the regulator end of the county-level medical community, we enabled data collection and analysis, and added large
screens for data display and monitoring designed specifically for dynamic and multi-dimensional surveillance of primary-
level medical institutions and calculating the number of feverish patients. This provided an effective new tool at the
community level, and it further enhanced our support to the supervision of primary-level medical institutions in the county-
level medical community.
In terms of its promotion and application, the Platform continuously explored more possibilities for cooperation within
the county-level medical community. After successfully developing a pioneering informatized management system for
community-level medical institutions that was modeled on our pilot regional tightly knit medical community, we sought to
spread the system to a broader regional market. Our Smart Management Platform was included in the Industry Progress
Report on Medicine Distribution in China 2022 as a classical case.
Yunnan Baiyao's Baoqi Panax notoginseng
Application of Yunnan Baiyao's Smart Management Platform for community-level medical institutions
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT PIONEERING THE IDEA OF "COMPREHENSIVE HEALTH" AND PROVIDING QUALITY AND INNOVATIVE PRODUCTS
35 36
Pursuing an Innovation-Driven Strategy
to Power the Healthcare Sector
Launching a Digital TCM Medication Platform
Boosting R&D Continuously
In 2022, Yunnan Baiyao
integrated the entire in- Yunnan Baiyao regards R&D and innovation as the keys to boosting product vitality. The Company continues to improve its R&D
dustrial supply chain by capability by establishing more than ten national and provincial research platforms for its R&D teams and establishing R&D centers
connecting patients to TCM together with a host of research institutions, colleges, and universities. Focusing on the pharmaceutical sector, the Company strengthens
hospitals, pharmacies, talent recruitment, encourages scientific research and exchanges, and combines basic and clinical research. These efforts have
pharmaceutical companies, ensured commercialization of outputs, interdisciplinary growth, and innovative development. The industry chains for natural products
and upstream plantations. developed by our Corporate Technology Center comply with the Good Agricultural Practices for Chinese Crude Medicine (GAP), the
Patients could consult doc- Good Laboratory Practices for Non-Clinical Laboratory Studies (GLP), the Good Manufacturing Practices for Medical Products (GMP),
tors, get prescriptions and and the Good Supply Practices for Pharmaceutical Products (GSP). We have the first pharmaceutical technology center that obtains
medicine, and have their national certification in Yunnan, as well as the 7th entity that received such an honor in Yunnan. Our Medicine Safety Assessment Center
herbal medicine boiled and of Yunnan Institute of Materia Medica passed the assessment of the National Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine, received
delivered to their home via the national Grade-3 lab accreditation on TCM toxicology, and passed the GLP-compliance inspections by China Food and Medicine
physical pharmacies, TCM Administration and US Food and Medicine Administration, respectively.
hospitals or clinics, online
TCM hospitals, and online
pharmacies. In this way, a
customer-oriented platform
Yunnan Baiyao's R&D Platforms
business model took shape.
User interface of Yunnan Baiyao's Digital TCM Platform-Baoxiang TCM
National Scientific Research Platforms Provincial Research Labs/Centers
Medicine Safety Assessment Center (First pharmaceutical Yunnan Natural Medicine Engineering
center to obtain national GLP certification in Yunnan) Research Center
Yunnan Baiyao Nationally Certified Corporate Technology Yunnan Key Corporate Laboratory
Center for Innovation of Development of
Launching a One-Stop Medicine Search Platform Traditional Chinese Medicine and New
National and Local Joint Engineering Research Center
Ethnic Medicine Products
for Development of New Ethnic Medicine Products in
Southwest China Jiangsu Engineering and Technology
In 2022, Yunnan Baiyao leveraged information
Research Center of New Transdermal
technologies and integrated core internal Biomedicine Pilot Scale Production Center of National
Medicine Delivery Systems
resources to launch a Cloud Medicine Search (Kunming) Biological Industry Hub - Pilot Scale
platform. The platform has provided a value- Production Platform of Traditional Chinese Medicine and
added service in full life cycle management Herbal Medicine
of products to upstream manufacturers and
National Grade-3 Laboratory on Quality Assessment of
ensured a complete cycle of services where
Traditional Chinese Medicine
we make a product precisely reach target
customers during the introduction phase, prove
National Grade-3 Laboratory on Traditional Chinese
fast-selling during the growth phase, achieve
Medicine Toxicology
innovations and make breakthroughs during
the mature phase, and receive collaborative Yunnan Baiyao Postdoctoral Research Station
solutions during the decline phase. The
platform aims to help manufacturers better
serve patients, offer a private medicine
purchase channel for corporate clients, and
create a closed-loop system for pharmacies to User Interface of the One-Stop Medicine
capitalize on private traffic marketing. Search Platform
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT PIONEERING THE IDEA OF "COMPREHENSIVE HEALTH" AND PROVIDING QUALITY AND INNOVATIVE PRODUCTS
37 38
Yunnan Institute of Materia Medica Obtained Plentiful Research Achievements In 2022
Initiating Basic Research in Oral Health in 2022
In 2022, Yunnan Institute of Materia Medica
achieved fruitful research achievements, which are
listed as follows: Our first-in-class novel traditional In 2022, Yunnan Baiyao's Technology R&D Center in Health Products BG focused on product development in oral health,
Chinese medicine product, Quan Sanqi Tablet, cleaning, and skin care segments. Underpinned by product development and basic research, our Center adhered to the
was approved by the National Medical Products principle of short-term and long-term product planning and coordination. While understanding and responding to the new
Administration for clinical trials. Two types of regulations, we carried out R&D of new products, provided technical data support, engaged in basic research, protected
medicine, Compound Sulfamethoxazole Tablets intellectual property, and published new scientific discoveries and theories in order to guarantee scientific verification of
and Metronidazole Tablets passed the consistency products, both old and new. We attempted to address remaining challenges in the techniques for manufacturing paste for
evaluation of chemical medicine. Xianghuo Spray professional tooth cleaning, polishing, enamel regeneration and anti-dentin sensitivity, and find ways to convert bagasse
passed the on-site GMP-compliance inspections and into toothpaste abrasive.
obtained the approval document for the preparation
registration of medical institutions in Yunnan.
Regarding our Foods for Special Medical Purposes
Project, we completed the construction of production
lines and established a quality management
system. We also wrapped up the design and R&D of
alimentary formula food for special medical purposes
Katetai, finished the filing material, and submitted
Parterning with BASF to Conduct Skeletal Formula Research
it to the State Administration for Market Regulation. Fruitful results achieved by Yunnan Institute of Materia Medica
Moreover, our eye training lamp and scar gel
obtained the National Registration Certificate for In 2022, Yunnan Baiyao collaborated with BASF, the world's largest chemical enterprise, to jointly build an innovative
Medical Devices. platform for researching the skeletal formula of cleaning products in Shanghai. Building on BASF's future trend forecasts
of emerging raw materials and its high-throughput screening of surfactants, the Company focused on researching the
sulfonate and taurine systems to complete the trend analysis of the skeletal formula for shampoo products.
By December 31,2022, Yunnan Institute of Materia Medica had a total of 239 employees, including 121 master's and doctoral degree
holders, 63 with senior professional titles, 1 academician from Chinese Academy of Engineering, 1 expert receiving the State Council
Special Allowance, and 19 provincial-level talents. The Yunnan Baiyao Postdoctoral Research Station collaborated with the Peking
University Health Science Center Postdoctoral Mobile Station to jointly recruit one postdoctoral fellow. Furthermore, Yunnan Institute
of Materia Medica brought in 22 new employees, including 14 with master's degrees. The institute actively collaborated with various
universities, providing entrusted training to 11 postgraduate students and internships to 103 students.
Yunnan Institute of Materia
121 63
master's and with senior
Medica employed
doctoral degree holders professional titles
239
people
1 1 19
academician from Chinese State Council Special provincial-level
Academy of Engineering Allowance expert talents
Peking University-Yunnan Baiyao International Medical Research Center
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT PIONEERING THE IDEA OF "COMPREHENSIVE HEALTH" AND PROVIDING QUALITY AND INNOVATIVE PRODUCTS
39 40
Deepening Strategic Cooperation
The Center established a physical entity in
Science and Technology Building of PKU Health
Leveraging its market strength and relying on brand value platforms, Yunnan Baiyao partners with famous universities and research
Science Center. The workforce was made up of
institutions to deepen strategic cooperation and conduct all-round cooperation in relevant areas. The Company pursues an innovation-
talents from Peking University, Yunnan Baiyao,
driven development strategy and strives for breakthroughs in strategic cooperation. In 2022, we achieved remarkable results in many of
and experts recruited from society, tasked with
our strategic cooperation projects, laying a solid foundation for the creation of new business segments.
undertaking scientific research projects. In
2022, we completed the construction of 5,400
square meters of work space, assisting in project
incubation, innovation, and R&D and occupying
three stories of the Science and Technology
Building. In mid-October, we finished construction,
conducted inspections, and tested the equipment.
Peking University-Yunnan Baiyao International Medical Research Center Conducted Many Activities In November, R&D personnel at the Medical
Research Center moved in and began working in
the newly built offices.
In 2022, Peking University-Yunnan Baiyao International Medical Research Center, based on its needs, leveraged PKU’s
academic resources, gave full play to the university’s strengths in talent attraction and discipline platforms, as well as Yun-
nan Baiyao’s market advantages, encouraging project cooperation across various disciplines. This collaboration promoted
technological innovation, research commercialization, and deep industry-university-research integration, achieving both
economic and social benefits and accelerating the innovative development of the "Big Health" industry in Yunnan.
With the coordination and support of different PKU de-
partments, Peking University-Yunnan Baiyao International
Medical Research Center has attracted a host of influen- Peking University-Yunnan Baiyao International Medical Research Center
tial experts in the medical field. By adhering to the policy
of "attracting more talent with our existing talent pool," the
Center aims to select more outstanding and high-poten-
tial talents and highlights the pioneering role of leading
experts in providing strategical and intellectual support. At
the Pharmaceutical Innovation and Technology Frontier
Pharmaceutical Innovation and Technology Frontier Forum 2022
Forum in August 2022, we organized a recruitment cer-
emony for the first batch of senior research fellows, who
were all leading medical experts in different fields, includ-
In August 2022, Yunnan Baiyao held the Pharmaceutical Innovation and Technology Frontier Forum 2022 in the
ing Academician Zhan Qimin, Academician Qiao Jie, Aca-
Headquarters' Baiyao Park in Kunming city. The Company invited academicians from the Chinese Academy of Engineering
demician Jiang Baoguo, Professor Zhang Ning, Professor
and the Chinese Academy of Sciences, leading experts and scholars from well-renowned research institutes, hospitals,
Zhou Demin, Professor Ye Min, Professor Deng Xuliang,
universities and enterprises in China, and more than 500 medical professionals. The event was also livestreamed. Dozens
and Professor Li Hang.
of experts and scholars discussed the latest trends, exchanged views on the future of traditional Chinese medicine,
oral health, skin care, bone injury treatment and female care, and shared insights into technological breakthroughs and
prospects. Going forward, Yunnan Baiyao will make greater efforts to build the Forum into one of the most prestigious and
influential international academic brands held in Yunnan province.
Recruitment ceremony for senior research fellows Pharmaceutical Innovation and Technology Frontier Forum 2022
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT PIONEERING THE IDEA OF "COMPREHENSIVE HEALTH" AND PROVIDING QUALITY AND INNOVATIVE PRODUCTS
41 42
In 2022, Yunnan Baiyao applied for 67 patents including 35 invention patents, 21 utility models, and 11 design patents. The Company
Yunnan Baiyao and Livzon Pharmaceutical Group Reaching Strategic Cooperation in Herbal Medicine licensed 42 patents, including 12 invention patents, 25 utility models, and 5 design patents.
On October 12, 2022, both Chinese Medicinal Resources
Divisions of Yunnan Baiyao and Livzon Pharmaceutical Group
Total Number of Yunnan Baiyao's Patents
held an online meeting themed "Mutual Development Through
Collaboration & Strategic Cooperation Agreement Signing,"
in order to promote innovation and quality improvement in the Number of patents applied in 2022
TCM industry and steer the industry toward an industrialized,
modern and standardized path. Both sides exchanged views
on the building of manufacturing centers for TCM raw materials
and application of research outputs, and signed strategic
Signing ceremony of Yunnan Baiyao and Livzon
cooperation agreements on Paris polyphylla.
Pharmaceutical Group
Invention patent Utility model Design patent
35
21
11
7
3
0
Yunnan University of Chinese Medicine Signing a Strategic Cooperation Agreement with Yunnan
Baiyao Group 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022
Number of patents licensed in 2022
On February 21, 2022, Yunnan University of Chinese Medicine and Yunnan Baiyao Group signed a strategic cooperation
framework agreement. Both sides aimed to deepen university-enterprise cooperation and promote the innovative
development of traditional Chinese medicine and ethnic medicine industries in Yunnan by jointly building state key
laboratories and Academician Zhu Zhaoyun Research Station, improving talent training hub, and conducting R&D and
clinical application of new medicine. After signing the framework agreement for strategic cooperation, both sides combined
Invention patent Utility model Design patent
their work and actual conditions and established a Key Laboratory for Inheritance, Innovation and Commercialization of
Ethnic Medicine to carry out in-depth research in this area. They would jointly apply for certification of a provincial-level key
lab from 2022 to 2023, and then apply for certification of a state key lab after achieving some basic research results.
25 25
12
5
5
0
2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022
Signing ceremony of Yunnan University of Chinese Medicine and Yunnan Baiyao Group
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT PIONEERING THE IDEA OF "COMPREHENSIVE HEALTH" AND PROVIDING QUALITY AND INNOVATIVE PRODUCTS
43 44
Prioritizing Yunnan Baiyao complies with the Medicine Administration Law of the People's Republic
of China, the Regulations on the Supervision and Administration of Medical Devices, the
Quality and Measures for the Administration of Medicine Regulation, the Measures for the Supervision
and Administration of Pharmaceutical Production, the Measures for the Supervision Pharmaceutical GMP Training
Producing and Administration of Medical Device Production, the Measures for the Administration
of Registration and Recordation of Medical Devices, and other applicable laws and
Premium Yunnan regulations. In 2022, Yunnan Baiyao carried out 129 training sessions on
GMP quality control, covering the drug, medical device, and
Baiyao Products In 2022, the Company published the Outline on Quality Culture of Yunnan Baiyao Group, pharmacovigilance quality management topics. 2,513 employees from
emphasizing the Company's policy of "Quality and Customer First" and outlining its quality the Quality Management Department, the Analysis and Testing Center,
mission of "Honoring Quality and Integrity, Inheriting and Innovating, and Striving for and the Production OU participated in the training. The duration of the
Excellence," its vision of "Making Quality a Part of Yunnan Baiyao Employees' DNA," and training was 278.24 hours.
its values of "Inheritance, Innovation, Integrity, Rigor, Responsibility, Perseverance," as
well as establishing quality behavioral guidelines for all to follow. Our Pharmaceutical BG The Company engaged a third-party trainer to assist in the development
also published the Quality Management Manual, integrating various business units and of a full-cycle training management model featuring "Preliminary
providing systemic planning for quality management of medicine and medical devices. Investigation+Orderly Organization+Diversified Content+Process
Supervision" to ensure trainees can achieve positive learning outcomes,
combine training with daily work, and meet the goal of learning through
Improving the Quality Management System
training and application of training outcomes in work. 47 advancement
training sessions were planned and held for 93 of our employees.
In 2022, responding to the market demand, Yunnan Baiyao optimized the quality management system for pharmaceutical production,
Each session took into account the requirements of QA, QC, OU, and
strengthened the holder management system, and continually enhanced control of entrusted production. Specifically, the Company
other functional departments, covered Yuhua, Qidian, Dali, Wuxi, and
updated the Entrusted Production Management Procedure and the Finished Product Release Operating Procedure and added the
other production sites, and imparted systematic knowledge in quality,
Release Operating Procedure for Entrusted Production of Medicinal Preparations. It also prepared entrusted production quality
production, validation, laboratory control, R&D registration, plants,
agreements, which clarified the rights and responsibilities of both entrusted parties, effectively monitored product quality throughout the On-site gmp training
facilities and equipment, regulations, and comprehensive management.
production process, and ensured the safety and reliability of the entrusted medicine.
Yunnan Baiyao's Institutional Documents of
Quality Management System in 2022
Quality Management System of Medical Device Production
By the end of 2022, Yunnan Baiyao had developed 69 institutional documents regarding ISO 13485 medical device quality
management system in line with internationally accepted standards. Considering the release of new regulations and internal and
Good Supply Practices (GSP) for Pharmaceutical Products
external audits, the Company substantially revised 10 GMP management systems for medical devices, and developed 4 new
systems, i.e., the Entrusted Production Management Procedure, the Rework Control Management Procedure, the Authorized
Sampling Management Procedure, and the Product Return Management Procedure, to ensure the adequacy, effectiveness and
suitability of our quality management system. By the end of 2022, there were 36 GSP management systems and 22 operating procedures for pharmaceutical products, as
well as 36 management systems and 21 operating procedures for medical devices. Yunnan Baiyao had a total of 116 GSP
management documents.
Quality Management System of Medicine and Medical Device Distribution
By the end of 2022, Yunnan Baiyao conducted special audits of internal documents and systems. In accordance with the principle
of "Writing down what we've done," the Company developed 7 new GSP operating procedures, including the Transport, Loading Good Pharmacovigilance Practices (GVP) of Pharmaceutical Products
and Unloading Operating Procedure, the Inventory Check Operating Procedure, the Operating Procedure for the Filing of New
Pick-up Vehicles, and the Recall and Recovery Operating Procedure. It comprehensively optimized the GSP system in accordance
with new regulations and the principle of "doing what we've written down." In terms of building a GVP quality management system, By the end of 2022, there were 31 GVP management documents: 23 Standard Management Procedures (SMP) and 8 Standard
the Company strengthened the management of GVP activities and quality control, and updated 31 current GVP management Operating Procedures (SOP). These documents effectively guided the Company's GVP work.
documents, including the Main Document of the GVP System, the Management Procedure on GVP Internal Audit, and the
Management Procedure on GVP Institutions and Personnel, based on such new regulations as the Specifications for GVP Quality
Management and the Guiding Principles for GVP Detection. Moreover, the Company also developed the Management Procedure
for Regular Data Analysis and Reporting, the Management Procedure for Information System and the Operating Procedure for
Creating the Main Document of Pharmacovigilance System, to ensure consistent GVP compliance at Yunnan Baiyao.
Manufacturing Systems of Medical Devices and Industrial Products
Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) for Pharmaceutical Products
By the end of 2022, there were 131 documents on medical device systems, including 66 standard management procedures
(SMP), 17 standard operation procedures (SOP) for process control, 32 standard operating procedures (SOP) for equipment
By the end of 2022, there were 202 public documents regarding the GMP quality management system, 180 process control
operation, and 14 standard operating procedures (SOP) for equipment maintenance. The Company also developed 39 new
procedures and 780 equipment operating procedures. In the technical documents, there were 800 technical documents regarding
control procedures and 30 management procedures regarding the ISO 13485 quality management system for medical device
standards for internal control of medicinal products, including herbal medicine decoction pieces, intermediate products, packaging
production. Yunnan Baiyao had 78 internal control quality standards on medical devices and industrial products.
materials, and finished products. Yunnan Baiyao had a total of 1,962 GMP public and technical documents.
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT PIONEERING THE IDEA OF "COMPREHENSIVE HEALTH" AND PROVIDING QUALITY AND INNOVATIVE PRODUCTS
45 46
Pharmaceutical GMP Training Yunnan Baiyao's Technical Capability in Product Testing Reaching the Standards of First-class
National Laboratory
In 2022, Yunnan Baiyao provided pre-employment training to all new hires in order to fully implement the Company's quality Building on years of experience in quality control, Yunnan Baiyao has built accurate and reliable testing methods for
policy, drive continuous improvements to quality management, and ensure the sustainability and effectiveness of our GSP different types of products. In the past three years, more than 70 projects in the fields of medicine, cosmetics and medical
system. According to new issues and developments arising from real work, the GSP Department conducted targeted devices, have achieved good performance results when benchmarked against capability standards stipulated by first-class
training and increased training opportunities focused on special skills. Furthermore, the Company implemented an IT skills national labs. All of them have obtained certificates of satisfactory results, demonstrating that our testing capabilities have
improvement program to address employees' difficulties with computer operations, stayed up to date with newly released reached national-level standards.
rules and regulations, and made corresponding interpretations of them to inform employees. In this way, the Company
successfully completed its annual training plan for 2022 by organizing 32 medicine GSP training sessions and 22 medical The technical operational model for our innovative third-party testing platform has been highly praised by Yunnan
device GSP training sessions, covering all the key personnel working on medical device GSP management. Administration for Market Regulation, Yunnan Medical Products Administration, Food Safety Office of Yunnan Provincial
Government, and Yunnan Provincial Center for Disease Control and Prevention. Besides conducting testing and quality
controls for Yunnan Baiyao products, the platform also provides third-party inspections and testing services for other
companies. We are now a high-end public service platform for inspection and testing technology that covers quality
testing, standard development and revision, and method development for pharmaceutical products, cosmetics and medical
devices from Southwest China. Our services have been recognized by more than 100 companies, including Kunming Jida
Yunnan Baiyao focuses on the "Four Lines of Defense" in quality management, strengthens the management of medicine production
Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd, Yunnan Leiyunshang Lixiang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd, Yunnan Xitao Green Pharmaceutical Co.,
and supervision, and regulates and directs the on-site work. The Company maintains quality assurance and compliance, updates the
Ltd, Yunnan Hongxiang Herbal Medicine Technology Co., Ltd, Yunnan Phytopharmaceutical Co., Ltd, Kunming Herbal
Implementation Rules for Quality Assessments and Rewards, and regularly conducts daily and special quality inspections.
Medicine Co., Ltd, and Yunnan Dachu Food Co., Ltd. In 2022, we provided 5,089 technical services reports to various
companies, empowering the high-quality development of the pharmaceutical industry in Yunnan with our cutting-edge
The Company has built a comprehensive testing capability platform technology.
that can test our medicine, cosmetics, medical devices, herbal
medicine, decoction pieces, and a clean environment, providing
1,200 testing items in 5 fields of medicines, a wide range of technical testing services for Yunnan Baiyao's
business units and groups. In 2022, we made breakthroughs on 411
food, cosmetics, medical devices, clean environment, testing items, including the detection of pesticide residues in TCM
and pharmaceutical packaging materials have received pieces and hazardous substances in health products. Currently,
validation from China Inspection Body and Laboratory 1,200 testing items in 5 fields of medicine, food, cosmetics, medical
Mandatory Approval (CMA) devices, clean environment, and pharmaceutical packaging
materials have received validation from China Inspection Body and
Laboratory Mandatory Approval (CMA), addressing product quality A New Granule Packaging Production Line being
risks and further improving the quality of our products. Put into Operation at Yunnan Baiyao's Granule
Southwest Unit
Yunnan Baiyao has created an internal quality control system for key lab parameters and implemented quality controls in daily testing as In 2022, Yunnan Baiyao purchased a fully automatic granule
well as process control to ensure the accuracy of the test data. We also follow the principle of "manual comparison, standard recovery, packaging production line and installed it in the Granule Southwest
blind sample testing, and cross-lab comparison" in implementing quality controls. Unit of the Production and Manufacturing Center, to improve the
overall brand image and quality of the Company's granule products.
After purchasing the equipment, the Company renovated the plants
Quality control of pesticide residues in products
and installed the machines in accordance with the installation
requirements, and then applied for GMP-compliance inspection. To
better control product quality, the Company's Quality Management
Quality control for Department planned and coordinated the implementation of
medicineafety indicators Quality control of various tasks. Specifically, it developed 6 SOP for equipment use
and exogenous pollutants mycotoxin in products and maintenance and 2 SOP for equipment cleaning; completed
2 equipment verification plans and their reporting; developed and
implemented 1 cleaning validation plan and report; developed and
implemented process validation plans and reports for 2 varieties;
completed the risk assessment for mixed production on the same line;
developed and implemented a continuous stability testing plan; and
Testing processes Quality control of
Quality Control at created and reviewed the technical processes and volume production
for medicine quality double-ester alkaloids in
records. Yunnan Medical Products Administration conducted on-
control (LIMS) Yunnan Baiyao Yunnan Baiyao products
site GMP-compliance inspections on our new granule packaging
production line on May 26 and 27, 2022 and announced the result of
pass on June 20, 2022. Automatic granule packaging production line
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT PIONEERING THE IDEA OF "COMPREHENSIVE HEALTH" AND PROVIDING QUALITY AND INNOVATIVE PRODUCTS
47 48
Conducting Research on Raw Material Packaging to Ensure Better Quality Improving Overall Manufacturing Technology for Class I Medical Devices to Meet Compliance
Requirements
In 2022, the Quality Management De- In early 2022, the National Medical Products Administration issued new Class I Medical Device Product Catalog (2021
partment of Yunnan Baiyao conducted No.107), significantly raising the recordation threshold for Class I medical devices, as well as regulating previously filed
various studies including accelerated products. Yunnan Baiyao's Quality Management Department actively responded to changes made to Class I medical
testing to better control the loss on devices classification in accordance with new regulations by reviewing and improving product technical requirements across
drying (or moisture) of the extract and the board, and updating product specifications. The Company also changed its recordation records for 20 types of Class I
ensure the quality of the product on medical devices, re-applied for entrusted production recordation records for 4 types of products including bandages, and
market. The Company changed its obtained new valid production filing certificates for Class I medical devices, all done within the required time limit thanks to
packaging method for Panax notogin- its preemptive planning and detailed arrangements. This ensured that all of the Company's products fully comply with the
seng saponins and Erigeron extract new Catalog and that the technical requirements for Class I medical devices have been enhanced overall.
powder from double-layer low-density
polyethylene pharmaceutical packaging
to a combination of low-density polyeth-
ylene pharmaceutical packaging in the
inner layer and aluminum-plated (PET/
VMPET/CPP) triplex sealing packaging
in the outer layer. Furthermore, the out-
er layer was sealed with a thermoplas-
tic method, which makes the packaging
more air-proof and contaminant-resis-
tant, to ensure the product quality.
Before and after the change of raw material packaging
Training on Class I Medical Device Product Catalog and establishment and pilot testing of standard projects in 2022
Making Efforts to Enhance the Quality and Content of Panax Notoginseng Saponins (For Injection)
In 2022, the National Institutes for Food and Medicine Control initiated a new batch of Panax notoginseng saponins control
extracts (110870-201904). Based on the announcement and actual needs, Yunnan Baiyao organized its project teams and Updating Quality Standards for Medical Devices to
conducted extensive research on the purification and refining processes of the product, in order to improve the quality of Preempt Risks
Panax notoginseng saponins (for injection) and ensure that products manufactured after the transition period can meet the
new requirements on control extracts. After research and sample testing, our teams made sure that the content of Panax
In 2022, Yunnan Baiyao explored new elasticity testing methods for its
notoginseng saponins (for injection) met the requirements without conversion stipulated in the new standards, achieving a
elastic adhesive bandages based on the product monitoring data. The
breakthrough in enhancing the consistency of product content and its corresponding preparation, successfully completing
Company brought together Wuxi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd, the Analysis
the transfer of product manufacturing technology, and increasing our volume production capability for high-quality products.
and Testing Center, and an entrusted third party to conduct a comparative
Three batches of products, each consisting of 700 kg, were manufactured, and they contain an average of 90.3% Panax
study of the three parties' testing methods. Ultimately, the item of rebound
notoginseng saponins and a maximum of 91.4%. The stability testing results for the injection proved satisfactory.
elasticity in the YY/T 0148-2006 standard was selected to replace the
previous elasticity testing indicator. After requesting a reassessment of
product technical requirements from Yunnan Institute for Medical Device
Testing and passing third-party inspections, the Company obtained
recordation approval documents for changing technical requirements of
elastic adhesive bandage products, to preempt the risk of unqualified elastic
adhesive bandages in spot checks.
Testing report from Yunnan Institute for
Medical Device Testing
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT PIONEERING THE IDEA OF "COMPREHENSIVE HEALTH" AND PROVIDING QUALITY AND INNOVATIVE PRODUCTS
49 50
Fostering a Strong Quality Culture
Yunnan Baiyao is constantly working to foster a strong quality culture, striving to integrate this culture into management practices,
expanding its scope of work in product quality, and improving its quality management level. Furthermore, the Company strengthens
The Company organized a variety of activities during the Quality Month to encourage employees to take an active part in
employees' identification with its quality culture and continuously adds value by leveraging the orientation, cohesion, restriction, and
them, in order to ensure that the anticipated effect can be achieved. With slogans and banners, the Company attempted
radiation of a quality culture.
to foster a good atmosphere where everyone cares about quality, everyone highly values quality, and everyone
During its marvelous 120-year journey, Yunnan Baiyao has always prioritized product quality and customer services and regarded quality participates in quality activities. We also used posters to promote the Quality Month theme from various perspectives to
as the lifeline for its long-term development, gaining market recognition. Quality is the foundation. Without it, there is no way to build a practically improve employees' quality awareness and reach a company-wide consensus on boosting corporate growth
brand, compete in the market or achieve long-term growth, especially for pharmaceutical companies for which quality is the cornerstone. by pursuing quality.
National Quality Month Activities Themed "Promoting Breakthroughs and Innovations in Quality,
and Building a Quality Powerhouse"
The 2022 National Quality Month activities themed "Promoting Breakthroughs and Innovations in Quality, and Building a
Quality Powerhouse" provided a great platform for Yunnan Baiyao Group to enhance employees' awareness of quality and
increase corporate cohesion. They also served as a good opportunity for the Company to scale new heights in quality and
march toward bigger goals.
The Company's senior leadership placed a high value on Quality Month Activities. Acting in accordance with the guiding
principles of the Notice on Conducting 2022 Quality Month Activities (2022-1235) issued by Yunnan Medical Products
Administration, the Company put the Technical Quality Committee in charge of organizing and conducting a series of
activities, developing activity plans for the Quality Month, and striving for innovations and breakthroughs in both activities
and their presentation forms, to ensure effective implementation of Quality Month activities. On February 26, Li Jin,
Technical Quality Committee Director of Yunnan Baiyao Group, announced the launch of the National Quality Month Posters and slogans for National Quality Month Activities
activities and defined the company-wide theme as "Seize the Moment in Promoting Breakthroughs and Innovations in
Quality, and Embrace a Bright Future through Building a Quality Powerhouse."
Promoting and Distributing the Quality Management Manual
The Quality Management Department under the Production and Operation Center
of Pharmaceutical BG formed a Quality Control Team and developed a Quality
Management Manual. The Manual provided guidelines for quality management
activities and applied to product development, manufacturing, sales, and after-
sales processes and services in Pharmaceutical BG. We distributed 202 copies
to 20 departments and 3 subsidiaries. Each department organized its own
training sessions on implementation of the Manual. Our Quality Control Team will
revise and update the Manual based on the suggestions and feedback from our
employees.
The Company arranged for relevant personnel to attend the awarding ceremony of
the Quality Management Manual at Dali Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. to highlight the
importance of the Manual to lifecycle management of product quality and document Awarding ceremony of the
system consistency and improvement. In addition, publicity sessions were held Quality Management Manual
and they elicited positive feedback from employees of the subsidiary, providing
momentum for future implementation and improvement.
Li Jin, Technical Quality Committee Director of Yunnan Baiyao,
announces the launch of the National Quality Month activities
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT PIONEERING THE IDEA OF "COMPREHENSIVE HEALTH" AND PROVIDING QUALITY AND INNOVATIVE PRODUCTS
51 52
Engaging in Industry Exchange Events
Holding Thematic Activities on Building a Correct Mentality on Quality as well as Thematic Tengchong Scientists Forum
Activities on Bottom-Line Mentality on Quality and Pursuit of Upper Limits
From December 1 to 3, 2022, Yunnan Baiyao co-hosted the 2022 Tengchong Scientists Forum - Entrepreneur Innovation
In 2022, Yunnan Baiyao conducted publicity sessions themed "Quality is the Lifeline for a Company" for a second time Forum to build an open, empowered, and shared ecosystem.
based on the Quality Month activities, to further improve employees' quality awareness and boost corporate growth. The
Company held thematic activities on building a correct mentality on quality, as well as thematic activities on bottom-line
mentality on quality and pursuit of upper limits.
2022 Tengchong Scientists Forum
The theme for this Forum was "Science and Technology Leading the Future." The Forum aimed to pool global scientific,
technological, and innovation resources, promote exchanges and cooperation in science and technology between China's
Thematic activities on Building a Correct Mentality on Quality/Thematic eastern and western areas, and spur Yunnan to build itself into a science and innovation hub radiating througout South Asia
activities on Bottom-Line Mentality on Quality and Pursuit of Upper Limits and Southeast Asia. These efforts enhanced Yunnan's capability in boosting high-quality development through scientific and
technological advances. The 2022 Forum gathered academicians and leading experts, passed down the founding spirit of
National Southwest Associated University, and established a structure of "1+10+N," writing a new chapter of "Science and
Comprehensive Health."
Company-Wide Quality Improvements -
Quality Control Team Activities
Entrepreneur Innovation Forum
In 2022, Yunnan Baiyao carried out company-wide
On December 3, 2022, Yunnan Baiyao Group and TusHoldings
quality control team activities, and strictly followed
co-hosted the sub-forum of Entrepreneur Innovation Forum.
the procedures of reviewing and registering topics,
Supported by Tengchong Municipal People's Government,
conducting activities, summarizing activity results and
Yunnan Alumni Association of Tsinghua University, and TusStar,
writing a report, publishing and evaluating internally,
the sub-forum brought together businessmen and entrepreneurs
selecting representative work for national publication,
of high-growth firms, specialized and sophisticated enterprises
and summarizing and promoting results and highlights.
that produce new and unique products, innovative start-ups
The Company registered 138 topics, evaluated 77
from China's top innovative cities such as Beijing, Shenzhen,
topics internally, and selected 30 topics for nationwide
Shanghai, and Guangzhou, as well as business representatives
publication. While achieving outstanding results, we in-
of companies included in the TusStar Demo Day. Focusing on
stilled the company-wide quality improvement concept
corporate development and the pursuit of "Tower Top Effect,"
into all employees’ minds, shaping employees’ logical
corporate representatives shared their views on the promotion
thinking abilities like problem discovery and Plan-Do-
of technological innovation by entrepreneurs, the innovative
Check-Act (PDCA), and fostering a good quality culture
that prioritizes teamwork in solving problems. Interviews with Quality Control teams development of industries, and the creation of an open innovation 2022 Entrepreneur Innovation Forum
ecosystem with global competitiveness.
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT PIONEERING THE IDEA OF "COMPREHENSIVE HEALTH" AND PROVIDING QUALITY AND INNOVATIVE PRODUCTS
53 54
Product Recall and Handling Mechanism
At Yunnan Baiyao, we are always provide responsible products to consumers, and we've developed and continually updated the
sampling and recall procedures. The Company updated the internal Medicine Recall Management Procedures in accordance with the
Lancang-Mekong Forum on Exchanges in Science, Technology and Culture Measures for the Administration of Medicine Recalls (Draft for Comments) issued by the National Medical Products Administration
on September 27, 2021. For products that do not meet the standards in sampling, the Company will immediately form a task force to
conduct self-inspection, investigate and analyze the causes, assist regulatory authorities in inspections, and start internal management
processes to take the necessary corrective and preventive measures (CAPA). We will immediately contact the appropriate personnel to
On December 1, 2022, Lancang-Mekong Forum on investigate and assess the safety risks of defective medicine after receiving complaints and notifications of potential safety hazards in
Exchanges in Science, Technology and Culture was held. our organization. Based on the findings of the analysis, we will then write an investigation and evaluation report. If a recall is necessary,
Zhu Zhaoyun, academician of the Chinese Academy our team will determine the recall level, create a recall plan, and ask for recall instructions based on the Medicine Recall Management
of Engineering and TCM strategy scientist of Yunnan Procedures. After the quality director approves the plan and gives instructions, we will start the recall process. In 2022, Yunnan Baiyao
Baiyao Group, delivered a keynote speech entitled recorded no medicine recalls due to quality and safety issues.
"Ecological Civilizations and Natural Medicine." Dong
Xun, general manager of Yunnan Baiyao Institute for
Strategic Development and Director of Yunnan Institute of
Materia Medica, shared his views on the topic "Innovative
Development of TCM Doctors and Herbal Medicine." Zhu
No
and Dong also discussed with representatives from the In 2022, Yunnan Baiyao recorded drug recalls due to quality and safety issues.
Lancang-Mekong region on sustainable development and
cooperation in traditional medicine.
Yunnan Baiyao's CEO Dong Ming
Dong Ming, CEO of Yunnan Baiyao Group, put forward three curves for Yunnan Baiyao's development: product-driven,
innovation-driven, and R&D-driven curve. At present, Yunnan Baiyao is at the top of the product-driven curve, meaning Supplier Quality Management
the Company had produced premium products to drive its long-term development over the past 20 years. The innovation-
drive curve is built around resource endowment and corporate DNA of Yunnan Baiyao. The Company values the provision
Based on the annual supplier audit plan, actual supply These measures further improved the regulations on daily
of solutions to meet users' needs. Relying on Yunnan's rich natural resources and research outputs in plants during
conditions, and indicators for product safety and quality, Yunnan procurement management, open and transparent mechanisms
these years, the Company delves deeper into the functions of plants and provides a technological platform for innovative
Baiyao included 90 suppliers of raw and auxiliary materials, on procurement operation, fixed asset procurement decision-
development. Our R&D-driven curve is forward-looking. The Company has invested in technology R&D programs in the
as well as internal packaging materials, in the audit list for making process, and bidding management rules for fixed assets
filed of general medical technology, injecting strong momentum into innovation.
2022. Suppliers were divided into 12 audit groups according procurement projects. We organized all employees from the
to different stages. The Company completed the audit of 68 Supply Chain Operation Center to participate in process review
suppliers in 2022; of these, 33 were performed on-site and 35 and optimization and study the newly revised Documentation
online. Suppliers who did not get our audit in 2022 will receive Form Manual, SOP Manual, and Procurement Process
priority in 2023. Manual to regulate the process and management system of
procurement activities.
Yunnan Baiyao continually improves its supplier review, access,
and exit processes, standardizes supply chain management, In terms of evaluating and controlling supplier risks, Yunnan
clearly defines the duties of various departments, and promotes Baiyao evaluated the qualifications of newly added suppliers,
cross-functional cooperation. The Company also actively and referred to the risk assessment opinions of TianYanCha.
communicates with suppliers and maintains a good relationship com. If there are problems in logistics, quality, or manufacturing
with them. These efforts ensure consistency in product adaptability in our daily operations, we will urge suppliers to
quality. During the supplier evaluation stage, we examine the address them as soon as possible. Moreover, we maintain daily
qualifications of new material suppliers, carry out extensive communication with major suppliers to stay up to date with their
evaluations, such as approval, experimental use, and on-site business status. Additionally, we normally check the product
Academician Zhu Zhaoyun (Left) and Director Dong Xun (Right) audits for request changes and plan assessments, and create a after its arrival to ensure it meets our standards before making
list of qualified suppliers based on the results of the preliminary payments to avoid financial risks.
evaluation. Additionally, we dynamically manage these qualified
suppliers. When adding new suppliers and materials, or Yunnan Baiyao advocates the use of the portal system to
revoking supplier qualifications, we should fill in the application suppliers and provides systemic online training to help them
form and submit relevant materials in accordance with the quickly understand our material requirements and system
supplier management process and the Change Control and operations. The usage rate of the portal system reached 92.7%.
Management Procedures. We've added 7 close suppliers: 1 for raw and auxiliary materials
and 6 for packaging materials. The system prepares us to
In terms of supply chain management and control, such seamlessly integrate the Warehouse Management System
as procurement or bidding, Yunnan Baiyao reviewed and (WMS) and Quality LIMS Platform, reducing human errors
optimized the entire supply chain in 2022 and completed and significantly increasing procurement efficiency. The entire
the revision and approval of the Procurement Process procurement process is traceable in the system.
Manual, the Documentation Form Manual, and SOP Manual.
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT BUILDING CUSTOMER TRUST AND SERVING MODERN HEALTHY LIFESTYLES
55 56
BUILDING CUSTOMER TRUST
AND SERVING MODERN
HEALTHY LIFESTYLES
To provide satisfying consumer experiences, Yunnan Baiyao consistently adheres to a customer-first service
philosophy, building a multi-channel marketing network for customers, exploring innovative marketing
strategies, refining user management, and ensuring user privacy and security. Concurrently, the Company
actively promotes the development of a modern pharmaceutical logistics system, thereby improving access
to healthcare resources and protecting the nation's health.
This chapter corresponds to the following Sustainable Development Goals:
03
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT BUILDING CUSTOMER TRUST AND SERVING MODERN HEALTHY LIFESTYLES
57 58
Multi-channel Outreach for Satisfactory Experiences
Category Breakthrough
With the principle of "all for customers," Yunnan Baiyao strives to provide comprehensive and full lifecycle services by utilizing various
marketing channels and establishing long-term, stable relationships with its customers. Yunnan Baiyao, with the most professional
service team, provides specialized, personalized, and systematic services while appreciating customers' suggestions and feedback. The
Company responds quickly to customer's needs, which increases customer satisfaction. In July 2022, the Oral Intelligent Care Comprehensive Solution BU launched 23 new products,
New Products including water flosser, mouth rinse, and mouth spray. Among them, the oral spray category ranked
first in the new e-commerce Douyin channel.
Diversified Marketing Channels
In order to increase brand influence and to expand the market, Yunnan Baiyao has consistently enriched its marketing channels and
stepped up promotional efforts. The Company consistently broadens its sales channels across online platforms and physical stores to
provide customers with satisfying consumption experiences. We have created online sales channels that cover the Company's full range "Yunnan Baiyao Oral Health" leveraged the synergy between product and content on Xiaohongshu to
of products, including pharmaceuticals, personal care products, supplements, health care products, health foods, and pharmaceutical promote its mouthwash category, achieving rapid growth on the platform. Its mouthwash ranked Top 5
services, by developing long-term, stable cooperation with online platforms like Tmall, JD.com, Pinduoduo, Douyin, and WeChat Mall. in Xiaohongshu platform search and had the highest brand penetration rate (No. 1).
The Company promotes experiential marketing, improves the interactive experience of consumers, and enhances multi-channel, multi- E-commerce
The subsidiary brand Yangyuanqing continued to make breakthroughs in interest-based e-commerce,
faceted marketing networks by establishing offline stores in Kunming, Dali, Lijiang, Tengchong and other cities, and deeply cooperating
reaching 730 million views on its Douyin special channel, with a 15-fold increase in online audience
with large supermarkets in various locations. This elevates the consumers' product experience and service satisfaction.
assets. In 2022, Yangyuanqing achieved a total exposure of 3.45 billion times and reached 213 million
The Company continued its information technology construction efforts in 2022 with the goal of providing data-driven and intelligent people.
services to its users. The 2022 "Epoch-making Cloud" membership system of "Baiyao Life+" was launched, and the system categorizes
users users based on different label types, and allows for diverse, customized, precise and effective marketing outreach. During the
reporting period, the Company added 180,000 new members, representing a 52% increase over 2021. The number of members who
repurchased increased by 80% over 2021, with repeat purchase amounts increasing by 15%.
Through continuous expansion of online and offline marketing channels and the implementation of information technology construction
efforts, Yunnan Baiyao achieved significant breakthroughs in a variety of areas, including new product development, e-commerce, brand The company launched new brand channels on major e-commerce platforms such as Baidu, WeChat,
operations, strategy, and professionalism throughout the year. and Xiaohongshu, unifying brand image.
The company leveraged free authoritative resources worth over RMB 6 million, such as CCTV and
airports, to achieve coverage of hundreds of millions of users.
Brand
Operations
"Yunnan Baiyao Oral Health" carried out differentiated marketing, collaborating with well-known
national artists and incorporating IPs such as "Summer Graduation Song Festival" and "Talk Show
Conference" to enhance brand influence. In 2022, the accumulated brand audience assets exceeded
95.68 million people, with a total exposure of 2.328 billion times and reaching 599 million people
Yangyuanqing's Exploration of the Third Communication
throughout the year.
Scenario for Consumers
Through the launch of the "Yangyuanqing Community Blossom Plan,"
Yangyuanqing has interacted deeply with potential users through "Hair
Care Stations" and "Anti-Hair Loss Aerobics," breaking away from the
original scenarios of the retail scene and entering communities, business
Yangyuanqing carried out a marketing campaign through cooperation with Dunhuang IP, holding the
districts, camping sites, and offices. In 2022, a total of 106 community
"Yangyuanqing Dunhuang Brand Launch Event and Yuequan Shahai Music Festival." The campaign
events, 4 business district events, and 2 large-scale camping events were Yangyuanqing Anti-Hair Loss Aerobics Base Strategies
integrated brand building, product release, business maintenance, user engagement, and brand
held. Through these activities, its official WeChat account gained 27,424
effectiveness conversion, utilizing a combination of online and offline marketing strategies.
new followers and the brand reached more than 10.04 million customers,
penetrating more than 60 external social groups. Market research and
users' feedback were integrated to drive and maintain long-term business
growth.
Yangyuanqing hosted the authoritative online summit "Scientific Hair Loss Prevention and Scalp
Care." By establishing its independent knowledge IP "Yangyuanqing Hair Loss Prevention
Professionalism
Management Bureau," the brand reinforced its professionalism in hair loss prevention, enhancing
Hair Care Station
brand credibility.
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT BUILDING CUSTOMER TRUST AND SERVING MODERN HEALTHY LIFESTYLES
59 60
Innovating Marketing Strategies to Drive Responsible Marketing Furthermore, we actively practice responsible
marketing in all aspects of our sales process and
place a high priority on training our employees in
Yunnan Baiyao responds to the "Internet + Healthcare" online consumption mode by innovating product marketing models and actively responsible marketing and advertising practices.
connecting with e-commerce platforms to increase product market share and business coverage while building self-operated channels. We launched the "Youliao Club" campaign in 2022,
inviting industry professionals to share their insights
We formed a functional food product management team and an interest-based e-commerce product team in 2022, as well as a self- in four sessions covering topics "Efficient Marketing
operated channel for functional food products. We continuously tested channel strategies, improved user profiles, and optimized product in the Health Industry Under Traffic Anxiety,"
experience to gain user's trust and quickly establish the business chain. "Private Domain Real Growth of Brand Users in
72 Hours," "Short Video Marketing Drives Brand
We tested the online fission activity "Earning Rewards through Product Referral" based on the new retail channel brand "Baiyao Life +," Growth Throughout the Entire Chain Evolution,"
iterated smooth user operation processes, and achieved double growth in the number of corporate WeChat's new followers and traffic and "Trademark and Brand Marketization." More
generated by the Company's mini program. than 200 employees from the Company's various
business units and marketing departments took part Private Domain Real Growth of Brand Users in 72 Hours
In 2022, we took advantage of the national and provincial in the "Youliao Club" campaign. Yunnan Baiyao held
governments' favorable policies on traditional Chinese medicine four brand and user marketing training sessions with
and built a new "Internet + Urban Central Pharmacy" industry over 200 participants during the reporting period,
chain centered on patients. We increased the promotion and effectively improving our employees' comprehensive
sale of traditional Chinese medicine decoction pieces throughout service capabilities and sales skills.
the province at various levels of terminal medical institutions. In 2022, Yunnan Baiyao achieved Sales increased by
Simultaneously, we collaborated with pharmaceutical service a record-breaking sales revenue
centers in Dali City, Yongshan County, and other locations,
adding nearly 100 new clients by leveraging the Yunnan of more than RMB 100 2.4 times
Baiyao brand and quality advantages. In 2022, Yunnan Baiyao million in traditional Chinese compared to the same
achieved a record-breaking sales revenue of more than RMB medicine decoction pieces period in 2021
100 million in traditional Chinese medicine decoction pieces,
with sales increased 2.4 times compared to the same period in
2021. Efficient Marketing in the Health Industry Under Traffic Anxiety
During the reporting period, the
number of brand and user marketing
training sessions conducted by
Creating a Communication Matrix by Linking Official Accounts Yunnan Baiyao was
4
In 2022, Yunnan Baiyao celebrated its 120th anniversary. The company created a video using Mao Buyi's song "The
Collector of Light" as its background music. It linked 12 official Yunnan Baiyao accounts as promotional platforms to build a
communication matrix, achieving 150,000 natural view counts, 2,000 likes, over 3,500 shares, and over 160,000 live view
counts of the video.
Short Video Marketing Drives Brand Growth
throughout the Entire Chain Evolution
The number of study visits exceeded
200
participants
Yunnan Baiyao's 120th anniversary The music video The Collector of Light
Trademark and Brand Marketization
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT BUILDING CUSTOMER TRUST AND SERVING MODERN HEALTHY LIFESTYLES
61 62
Yunnan Baiyao combines its daily operations with public welfare and traditional culture, including operating urban health center, carrying Refining Customer Management and Perfecting Customer Service in a Tiered Approach
out free clinics, providing health consultation services and providing free traditional Chinese medicine experience while constantly
innovating its sales model. The Company aims to increase its brand influence and foster the growth of a thriving market by promoting
health knowledge and raising national health awareness. Yunnan Baiyao constantly improves its customer service system, thoroughly understands customers' needs and protects customers'
rights and interests while increasing customer satisfaction through policies, service standards, and feedback handling.
In 2022, Yunnan Baiyao revised the Customer Management System and Customer Complaint
System Handling Procedure for Chain Stores and added new regulations such as the Customer
Guarantee Complaint Management System which standardizes the management of store customers and
members, as well as the complaint-handling processes.
Urban Health center Operated by Yunnan Baiyao
In 2022, Yunnan Baiyao started to operate urban health center, creating a "Mobile Urban Health Center" model, reaching
out to enterprises, communities, and schools, and conducted health consultation services and volunteer clinics nearly 40 In 2022, adhering to the Three No's principle, Yunnan Baiyao deepened its customer-centric
times, promoting the health of the nation while spreading the brand. Service service philosophy and established a dedicated personnel mechanism to respond quickly to
Standards business needs, ensuring that no issue is left unanalyzed, no preventive measures are left
unimplemented, and no training is left undone.
In 2022, Yunnan Baiyao deepened its understanding and recognition of a customer-centric
approach by establishing a first-inquiry responsibility system and a feedback system to listen
to customer's voices, in order to optimize the service standards for customer reception and
enhance customer satisfaction.
"Winter Diseases, Summer Treatment" Campaign Offering Free TCM Services
In 2022, the average user satisfaction of Yunnan Baiyao's stores in all channels of the
Complaint e-commerce platforms was 93.25%, an increase of 4% from 2021.
In 2022, Yunnan Baiyao City Health Center TCM Clinic initiated a "Winter Disease, Summer Treatment" free clinic and TCM Handling and
In 2022, Yunnan Baiyao utilized various platforms to reach customers, including the
experience activity. The on-site event included free eye, skin, and nasal allergy screenings, as well as TCM experience Feedback
4001000538 hotline, its official WeChat account, and its official website. The Company's
projects such as moxibustion, acupuncture, and shoulder-neck-waist-knee therapy. Residents could experience the
e-commerce platform conducted statistical analysis and feedback on customer complaints
diagnosis and treatment based on their individual needs and enjoy the benefits of TCM development. This campaign helped
regarding membership gifts, delivery, unfulfilled promises, incorrect refund/compensation
residents understand their health conditions and promoted the traditional culture of TCM health preservation.
procedures, product quality, and other issues. Throughout the year, a total of 301 online and
offline complaints were received, all of which were responded to and resolved within 24 hours,
with the resolution rate reaching 100%.
In 2022, Yunnan Baiyao organized a series of training programs to reinforce its customer-oriented service concept among its employees.
These online and on-site programs covered topics such as health management and TCM health knowledge to enhance employees'
expertise in providing professional health management services. The Company also carefully reviewed customers' feedback and
requests from its free clinic activities. It summarized users' needs and explored future initiatives to improve its overall customer service
capabilities, demonstrating its unwavering commitment to delivering exceptional customer service.
Yunnan Baiyao improved its community operation system in 2022 by implementing the "Product + Service + Community" model, to
increase customer loyalty and community engagement. Store members, online customer activity groups, specific activity groups, and
sharing experts are the four distinct groups of customers in the Company's community. The Company was able to better understand
its customers' needs and provide tailored product and service offerings by curating customized content, benefits, and activities for
"Winter Diseases, Summer Treatment" Free clinic each group, which attracted more target customers and helped customers fully appreciate the unique advantages and value of Yunnan
Baiyao's products and services.
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT BUILDING CUSTOMER TRUST AND SERVING MODERN HEALTHY LIFESTYLES
63 64
Ensuring Information Security at All Levels Digital Medicine Cloud Platform
Yunnan Baiyao strictly adheres to the laws and regulations such as the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of Yunnan Baiyao actively develops a digital medicine cloud platform with the
Consumer Rights and Interests and the Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, constantly improving primary goal of meeting the consumers' full lifecycle health management
its information security management system and prioritizing customer data information security and privacy protection to prevent any requirements. The platform is based on big data and artificial intelligence
leakage of customer information. in traditional Chinese medicine, and it aims to achieve intelligent hospital
management, auxiliary diagnosis and treatment, health management,
pharmaceutical logistics supervision, and intelligent decoction and
dispensing through digitalization, standardization, modernization, and Intelligent decoction and dispensing
Yunnan Baiyao created an integrated data disaster To ensure the security of enterprise data transmission,
industrialization. It achieves visualized pharmaceutical services and
recovery and testing platform to ensure real-time data the Company upgraded and changed its internet security
traceability of the entire medication process, resolving the problem of
acquisition, backup, and verification, as well as the export, building on dual-active data centers and storage
high-quality decoction for hospitals and small clinics and ensuring that
security of the Company's core data. snapshot technology.
patients receive quality medical treatment and medication.
To implement the national strategy of "Internet + Internet of Things + TCM
Health," we actively explore the Internet medical market, develop modern
To ensure the security and compliance of physical terminal
smart logistics, establish, and constantly improve the circulation system
Based on the ESET antivirus program, the Company information, the Company evaluated the management
of traditional Chinese medicine planting, breeding, initial processing,
strengthened its border firewall even more, put in place risks of retail pharmacy member information through
packaging, warehousing, transportation, and sales, and provide home
a thorough virus detection, control, and prevention third-party institutions like law firms. All retail pharmacies
delivery services of traditional Chinese medicinal materials, thereby Medicine traceability
procedure, and stopped the leakage of crucial data. operated by Yunnan Baiyao complied with information
improving medical accessibility.
management standards in 2022.
Ensuring Medicine Supply
No
In 2022, there was network information security incident in Yunnan Baiyao.
Yunnan Baiyao actively improves the accessibility of its products to communities and remote areas, promoting the clinical use of existing
products to fully unleash their commercial potential, and further improving medicine affordability for patients and consumers to ensure
the supply of medicine to grassroots and remote regions and to meet the special medication needs of certain groups.
In order to ensure the medicines in short supply, the Company has assigned dedicated personnel to monitor the market supply based
on the list of medicines in short supply published by China and Yunnan Province, as well as the key monitoring list of medicines in
short supply in China and Yunnan Province over the last three years. This is done to ensure maximum supply and to deal with potential
market medicine shortages. Yunnan Baiyao followed up on a total of 46 varieties (80 products) of medicines in short supply in 2022.
Constructing a Medicine Distribution
To ensure emergency medicines supply, the Company has updated the catalog of emergency medicines and classified them based
Network through Logistics Development on their indications and medicine classification standards. We monitor the shelf life of emergency medicines and conduct regular
inspections and early warning management on the supply and inventory of emergency products to ensure the availability of emergency
medicine in hospitals and to contribute to the protection of users' health and safety. Yunnan Baiyao has followed up on a total of 55 types
(224 products) of emergency medicine as of 2022.
Yunnan Baiyao is market-oriented, constantly improving the construction of its modern pharmaceutical logistics system, improving
logistics and transportation capabilities, and stabilizing product storage to build a healthy pharmaceutical industry chain. It aims to
improve pharmaceutical accessibility, provide better services to the public, and protect the nation's health.
Enhancing Accessibility to Medicine
Full-coverage Marketing Strategy
In 2022, the Company expanded its presence in Yunnan by implementing a full-coverage marketing strategy for end channels within
the province. It built strong business relationships with all of Yunnan's tertiary hospitals and more than 90% of the secondary hospitals. Yunnan Baiyao followed up on a total of 46 varieties Yunnan Baiyao followed up on a total of 55 types
Basically, a full-channel layout covering all county-level and higher medical institutions in the province was achieved. Meanwhile, the
Company achieved 100% coverage of major retail chain pharmacies throughout the province through commercial distribution. 80 224
( products) of medicines in short supply ( products) of emergency medicines
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT FOCUSING ON ENVIRONMENTAL SAFETY TO ENHANCE SUSTAINABLE VALUE CHAIN MANAGEMENT
65 66
FOCUSING ON
ENVIRONMENTAL SAFETY
TO ENHANCE SUSTAINABLE
VALUE CHAIN MANAGEMENT
Yunnan Baiyao is committed to environmentally friendly and sustainable development, with a focus
on environment protection and safety concerns. Through practical actions, we continuously optimize
resource utilization, promote energy conservation and waste reduction, and carry out green and low-
carbon operations. We also actively promote biodiversity conservation and contribute to the value
chain's environmental benefits, improving our ability to manage the value chain sustainably and
fulfilling our corporate responsibilities from all perspectives.
This chapter corresponds to the following Sustainable Development Goals:
04
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT FOCUSING ON ENVIRONMENTAL SAFETY TO ENHANCE SUSTAINABLE VALUE CHAIN MANAGEMENT
67 68
Protecting Endangered Wild Plants Building a Sustainable Supply Chain with
through Source Management Responsible Procurement
Yunnan Baiyao, who believes in "helping the world with medicine and restoring the true nature of medicinal materials," recognizes that A sustainable supply chain management system has been established by Yunnan Baiyao, which strengthens the quality and safety
traditional Chinese medicinal materials are derived from nature and is committed to protecting endangered wild plants and achieving oversight of upstream pharmaceutical materials. The Company ensures sustainable supply chain management for traditional Chinese
sustainable development of traditional Chinese medicinal materials. medicine throughout the entire process, from procurement and production to packaging, by building a thorough traceability system for
quality monitoring. This strategy ensures the realization of both industrial economic value and environmental value and guides the green
and sustainable development of the industry chain.
Protecting Endangered Wild Plants Source Control
Yunnan Baiyao abides by the Regulations of the People's The Company has been successful in making the transition Yunnan Baiyao has been working on developing its own technical services. This platform builds a standardized and
Republic of China on Wild Plants Protection, making effective from fully using wild resources to using domesticated varieties. traceability system since 2018. The Company has successfully digitized chain for traditional Chinese medicinal materials,
use of plant medicinal resources while protecting endangered To domesticate Fritillaria cirrhosa resources and set up a tissue established a comprehensive traceability system that ensuring that their sources can be traced, destinations can be
wild plant species. The risks of using endangered wild culture lab in 2022, Yunnan Baiyao invested over RMB 1.5 includes agricultural operation information at the planting verified, responsibilities can be held accountable, and the entire
animals and plants are assessed during the development of million. This was done in order to implement interdisciplinary stage, processing information at the production stage, process can be tracked. The platform achieved full coverage
medicinal materials. The Company aims to rationally develop cross-disciplinary breeding work for medicinal plants by fusing and storage information at the warehousing stage through of raw material cultivation, quality control in the manufacturing
natural resources and comprehensively promote biodiversity traditional breeding with tissue culture technology. After years of continuous research and development. This system ensures process, and warehousing storage. Yunnan Baiyao traced more
conservation by establishing an authentic Yunnan Chinese research and development, the new Knoria valerianoides varieties the authenticity, accuracy, and complete traceability of nearly than ten times in 2022, adding 11 new traceable enterprises and
medicinal material gene bank and remaining committed to the "Yunji 1" and "Yunji 2" which were cultivated in 2022, have been a thousand self-produced medicinal materials and prepared involving Yunnan local traditional Chinese medicinal materials
protection of nationally endangered species, domestication of widely adopted and have provided significant economic and slices. Yunnan Baiyao integrated the system with the Medical such as Paris polyphylla, Panax notoginseng, Gastrodia elata,
wild plants, and selection and cultivation of Chinese medicinal social benefits. Products Administration of Yunnan Province's medicine Carthamus tinctorius, Salvia miltiorrhiza, Amomum villosum,
material varieties. traceability system in 2022, uploading existing traceability data Auckiandia lappa Decne., Angelica sinensis, Platycodon
Yunnan Baiyao believes in green development and has assessed to the regulatory platform and obtaining government approval grandiflorus, Gentiana macrophylla, and Knoria valerianoides.
Yunnan Baiyao established a dedicated company in 2001 the circulation, reserves, estimated consumption, risks, and for the traceability content.
to carry out pre-breeding work for the "domestication of wild measures of traditional Chinese medicinal materials destined We transformed traditional agricultural products through
plants" in order to meet its own development needs and achieve for industrial development in accordance with the National We actively participated in the construction of the Yunnan advanced technological tools to achieve digital empowerment
the sustainable utilization of medicinal resources. The company Medical Products Administration's Technical Guidelines for Province Traceability Technology Service Platform based in 2022 by utilizing new technologies, new equipment, and new
gradually met the demand for medicinal supplies by selecting Chinese Medicinal Resources Assessment and other regulations on the "Traditional Chinese Medicinal Materials + Internet" processes across diverse application scenarios. This method
and cultivating high-quality seeds to improve disease resistance and technical guidance principles. Projects involving critically mindset. We created the "Yunyao Traceability Platform" to maximized the value of data extraction while also allowing
and developing large-scale planting. Yunnan Baiyao began endangered wild animals and plants are not permitted. Building provide traditional Chinese medicinal materials with information, customers to easily trace the origins of our products.
trial planting of Paris polyphylla var. yunnanensis in 2001, on this foundation, we are actively engaged in new variety of data, quality inspection, high-quality seed sources, and expert
and in 2005, the Company began scientific research on the research and development with technological advantages to
domestication of wild Psammosilene tunicoides. The successful establish a traditional Chinese medicinal materials gene bank. Digital Empowerment
domestication of wild varieties of distinctive traditional Chinese This ensures the completeness and sustainable utilization of
medicinal materials, like Paris polyphylla var. yunnanensis, wild resources, full protection of the ecological environment and
has been accomplished after nearly 20 years of work. This has biodiversity, and harmonious coexistence of humans and nature.
satisfied the needs of the Company as well as those of the Using modern soilless cultivation techniques and automated control models
domestic pharmaceutical companies and the entire market. for light, moisture, and fertilizer to overcome the obstacles of continuous
Planting Digitization Panax notoginseng cultivation
Combining gene probe technology to effectively prevent pests and diseases
of plants, thus increasing the yield of Panax notoginseng cultivation
Applying Manufacturing Execution System to digitize the recording of
New Knoria Valerianoides Varieties Production Digitization
production processes and equipment
Developed and Bred by Yunnan Baiyao
Utilizing IOT technology and combining with atmosphere regulation, electronic
In 2022, the Company made full use of the collected and preserved various
cargo location cards, to have real-time access to inventory information
types of wild Chinese medicinal plant germplasm resources to carry out new Storage Digitization
Applying Warehouse Management System to digitize the records of goods
variety research. We bred the "Yunji 1" and "Yunji 2" Knoria valerianoides
entering and leaving the warehouse
new varieties suitable for controlled cultivation, and promoted their planting
in suitable areas. By replacing wild resources with artificially cultivated
Real-time display of the entire supply chain status
varieties, we achieved effective protection of wild resources and rational
development and utilization of resources. While ensuring market demand, Sales Digitization Creating virtual product profiles, quickly matching inventory, and specifying
Knoria valerianoides Whole plant
we effectively protected biodiversity and demonstrated the Company's sense delivery times
Medicinal Plant of Knoria
of social responsibility.
Cultivation Base valerianoides
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT FOCUSING ON ENVIRONMENTAL SAFETY TO ENHANCE SUSTAINABLE VALUE CHAIN MANAGEMENT
69 70
Packaging Materials Usage Improving Environmental Protection
to Promote Circular Economy
Yunnan Baiyao actively promotes green packaging materials, employs a circular production mode, continuously optimizes product
packaging, promotes packaging reduction, and engages in organized packaging material recycling in order to reduce packaging material Yunnan Baiyao is dedicated to "ecological harmony and green development." It actively assumes environmental responsibilities and
usage and minimize the negative impact on the environment. Yunnan Baiyao explored a full-scenario of packaging material reduction for works to establish and improve an environmental management system. The Company strictly enforces various waste discharge
the use of toothpaste products in 2022. management measures and actively investigates the application of new energy technologies in order to deeply integrate the concept of
sustainable development into all stages of production and operation, achieving continuous improvement in environmental performance.
In 2022, the Company had no environmental pollution accidents.
Paper Box Lightweighting Toothpaste Tube Lightweighting
Environmental Management Waste Management
We conducted feasibility testing and prepared technical Because of the ongoing advancements in packaging
Yunnan Baiyao strictly adheres to the Law of the People's Yunnan Baiyao incorporates green development concepts into
reserves in 2022 to eliminate film coating on toothpaste technology, thinner sheets can now provide the same level
Republic of China on Environmental Protection, the Law of every stage of production and operation, strictly controlling
paper boxes. It was demonstrated through relevant of barrier protection. These lightweight new materials can
the People's Republic of China on the Prevention and Control wastewater, exhaust gas, and waste generation and dis-
tests on products without film coating that there was better protect the safety of the toothpaste body and reduce
of Atmospheric Pollution, the Law of the People's Republic charge. To strengthen corporate environmental protection re-
no significant difference in product runnability, logistics the usage of raw materials because the thickness of many
of China on the Prevention and Control of Water Pollution, sponsibilities, the Company establishes specialized accounts
transportation, and drop test compared to those with a film mainstream toothpaste products' tubes on the market has
the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Prevention for each subsidiary, conducts monthly statistical analysis on
coating. If toothpaste paper boxes can be manufactured been reduced to 250 microns, and even some have been
and Control of Environmental Pollution Caused by Solid environmental protection work, strictly records and monitors
without film coating, the use of PET film will be reduced by reduced to 180 microns. We formed a special project team
Waste, the Law of the People's Republic of China on the various pollution indicators, and ensures emissions meet
approximately 47 tons per year. in cooperation with relevant toothpaste tube suppliers
Prevention and Control of Pollution from Environmental Noise required standards after proper treatment.
to get ready for the updating and transformation of the
and other laws and regulations. Internally, the Company has
Company's soft tube toothpaste packaging. Two years formulated and implemented environmental management The Company established an environmental risk identification
of testing revealed no appreciable differences between policies such as the Environmental Protection Management mechanism, strengthened environmental inspections on
the thinner toothpaste tube packaging and the original System, the Environmental Protection Responsibility System, a continuous basis, and performed regular environmental
Carton Optimization thickness packaging. the Environmental Protection Approval Management System supervision work. We analyze identified environmental risks,
and the Hazardous Waste Management System. In 2022, the conduct environmental hazard inspections, and proactively
We collaborated with the manufacturers to carry out the Company signed the Environmental Protection Responsibility assist each polluting unit in addressing any issues discovered
reuse of medicine box logistics cartons, increasing the Agreement, clearly defining the primary persons responsible during inspections by developing effective rectification plans
supply chain's efficiency in using cartons and lowering the Packaging Optimization for environmental protection, continuously improving the and measures, thereby improving the specialized emergency
manufacturers' overall carton purchasing volume. This was environmental management system, and striving to achieve response plans. This reduces the negative environmental
done to increase environmental protection awareness and coordinated progress between enterprise development and impact of project construction and production operations and
conserve social resources. We were successful in reusing To reduce waste pollution and material costs, we promoted environmental protection. assists the Company in effectively avoiding environmental risks.
the replacement of granular and strip packaging. Currently,
134,600 logistics cartons for medicine boxes in 2022, with
the packaging replacement for 22 varieties has been
an average of 45,000 per quarter.
completed. Wastewater Exhaust Gas Non-hazardous Hazardous Waste
Management Management Waste Management Management
Wastewater treatment facilities are
For dust generated Daily generated Proper disposal is
established in each factory, treating
during the cutting medicine residues carried out by third
wastewater generated from production
and crushing of are transferred to parties with hazardous
and daily life to render it harmless.
raw materials, bag- third-party disposal waste treatment
Continuous 24-hour monitoring of
Yunnan Baiyao Packaging Material Usage in 2022 type dust removal institutions for organic qualifications.
pollutant data is uploaded to provincial
devices are installed composting treatment,
and municipal environmental protection
at the source achieving resource
authorities, ensuring that discharge
to prevent dust utilization of waste.
Category Unit Usage Volume standards are met before being
emissions.
discharged into municipal sewage
Paper Ton 1.45 pipelines or reused as reclaimed water,
preventing harmful pollutants from
seeping into the ground or flowing into
Plastic Ton 3,500
rivers.
Glass Ton 890
Aluminum Ton 1,650
Exhaust Gas Management for Newly Produced Toothpaste
Composite Flexible Packaging Ton 1,988
For newly produced toothpaste, the toothpaste powder raw material is transported through pipeline pneumatic conveying,
which reduces dust and odor diffusion problems caused by manual feeding and other open processes. Dust filters and
collection devices are installed in all stages involving powder production, strictly controlling dust overflow.
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT FOCUSING ON ENVIRONMENTAL SAFETY TO ENHANCE SUSTAINABLE VALUE CHAIN MANAGEMENT
71 72
The Company has actively supported research, development, and innovation in the optimization of production processes. This Exhaust Gas Emission in 2022
has been done by carefully examining and improving optimization strategies, concentrating on the most important and challenging
aspects of its work, and experimenting with new technologies. By increasing production capacity, we avoid the environmental effects
of waste emissions, and we further improve production efficiency and attain sustainable development in production and operation. By Emission Source Unit 2020 2021 2022
coordinating technical exchanges, carrying out environmental protection education, and offering technical support for environmental
protection projects, the Company achieved resource utilization of waste in 2022, ensuring the sustainability of its ongoing production and
operation. Emission Volume 10,000 m³ 3,994.00 2,313.00 5,086.90
Particulate Matter Ton 0.83 0.46 0.19
Nitrogen Oxide
Ton 4.91 2.29 4.18
Emissions
Panax Notoginseng Plantation Achieving Waste Material Resource Utilization
Wenshan Qihua Company adopts advanced online monitoring technology for gas boiler flue gas emissions. A closed
treatment process is adopted in wastewater treatment, achieving recycling through the recovery of Panax notoginseng Wastewater Discharge in 2022
cleaning water, partial wastewater preparation as reclaimed water, biogas recovery from wastewater, and condensate
water recovery. In 2022, the total wastewater treatment volume was 268,537 cubic meters, biogas recovery volume
reached 181,495 cubic meters, and 589 tons of steam were produced. The Panax notoginseng cleaning water reuse Discharge Source Unit 2020 2021 2022
volume was 153,460 cubic meters, reclaimed water usage volume was 2,900 cubic meters, and condensate water recovery
reached 24,546 cubic meters throughout the year. This saved the Company approximately RMB 2.0894 million in energy
Wastewater
consumption costs, enabling rational use of environmentally friendly energy, ensuring that external water and atmospheric Ton 313,340.00 395,550.00 297,193.88
Discharge
emissions are discharged under regulations, and achieving the company's energy-saving and environmental goals.
COD Ton 10.74 6.97 6.97
Ammonia Nitrogen Ton 0.21 0.166 0.166
General Waste Discharge in 2022
Advanced Wastewater Treatment Technology Applied in Health Product Projects
Emission Source Unit 2020 2021 2022
The Company conducted in-depth research and discussions on production wastewater treatment in 2022 during the
reconstruction of the newly-built wastewater treatment plant, which obtained preliminary stage results and gained
experience for future similar projects. Medicine Residues
Ton 16,125.82 17,869.56 21,218.41
and Sludge
In terms of production wastewater treatment, toothpaste production wastewater has complex components and is considered
difficult-to-treat industrial wastewater. The pollutants in traditional Chinese medicine production wastewater are relatively
simple in composition and have good biodegradability. They can be effectively treated through various methods such as
physical and biochemical processes. The old wastewater treatment plant in the Yuhua Industrial Park has long suffered
from a lack of phosphorus, requiring the addition of phosphorus to the adjustment tank separately. However, toothpaste Hazardous Waste Emission in 2022
wastewater contains higher levels of phosphorus, which can balance out the wastewater from the treatment plant, saving
treatment costs.
Emission Source Unit 2020 2021 2022
By mixing toothpaste wastewater with traditional Chinese medicine wastewater in the Yuhua Industrial Park, we have
effectively diluted pollutant concentrations and improved wastewater biodegradability. The newly-built wastewater treatment Waste Medicine
plant in the project has a treatment capacity of 1,200 cubic meters per day. The surplus treatment capacity constructed in and Medicine Ton 7.80 11.19 1.30
this project can be used for wastewater treatment in the Yuhua Industrial Park, reducing the pressure of the old wastewater HW03
treatment plant and facilitating resource allocation at the group level. The treated reclaimed water can be used for irrigation
Laboratory
of the factory's greenery, saving water costs.
Waste Liquids Ton 10.92 9.92 11.83
HW49
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT FOCUSING ON ENVIRONMENTAL SAFETY TO ENHANCE SUSTAINABLE VALUE CHAIN MANAGEMENT
73 74
In 2022, we promoted national environmental laws, regulations, policies, and the latest developments through environmental festivals
such as "World Environment Day" and "Earth Day," actively carried out environmental education activities, created a good learning Exploring the "Carbon Footprint" of Toothpaste Packaging
atmosphere for environmental protection, and continuously improved employees' environmental protection awareness.
As a leading modern traditional Chinese medicine manufacturer, Yunnan Baiyao's Supply Chain Operation Center,
as the bridge department for the group's external material procurement, upholds a high sense of social responsibility
and has established a project team to set "Dual Carbon" goals for the development of packaging materials. We
have selected toothpaste products, which have the highest usage of packaging materials in the Company, and have
Environmental education content, including interpretation and analysis of various latest
made initial attempts to establish a carbon emission accounting system to lay a solid foundation for promoting more
environmental laws, regulations, and policies, has been upadated and promoted, in order to
Strengthening varieties in the future.
provide the Company with timely access to useful environmental information and knowledge.
environmental
education Based on the initial results of this project, the total carbon emissions of PE particles, toothpaste tubes, paper boxes,
and cartons required to produce one tube of toothpaste are calculated to be between 113.52 and 115.67 grams, and
the total carbon emissions of the corresponding material transportation process are between 0.0761 and 6.89 grams
per unit.
Based on the calculated carbon emissions at each stage, we suggest considering more environmentally friendly
The latest environmental laws and regulations, and new technologies are constantly materials in the raw material stage to reduce carbon emissions generated during raw material production, and
shared and environmental issues are discussed, such as the Action Plan for Control of evaluating the necessity of using colored paper boxes or cartons that are not directly exposed to consumers during
Establishing New Pollutants, the Management Measures for the Disclosure of Enterprise Environmental packaging production for transportation purposes.
a Baiyao
Information According to Law, the Guiding Opinions on Strengthening Law Enforcement and
WeChat group
Supervision of Pollutant Discharge Permit and the Technical Guidelines for Self-Monitoring of
for communi-
cation Polluting Companies, etc.
The Toothpaste Tube Lightweight Project
For Yuhua and Qidian factories, which are key discharging units, environmental learning With the continuous development of packaging technology, thinner sheeting can achieve the same barrier protection
and exchange activities with peer companies are organized for the related personnel. By effect. We try to use 250 microns thick sheeting to replace the current 270 microns thick sheeting.
Diversifying
exchanging environmental management experience, methods, and the application of new
approaches to
environmental environmental technologies with peers, we identify our strengths and weaknesses and learn After three months of trial and investigation, there was no significant difference between the finished product of
management from each other to improve our business level. the reduced-thickness toothpaste tube packaging and the original one. We actively promoted the use of a 30-
gram toothpaste tube as the first pilot for reducing the thickness of the soft tube. If there are no obvious problems
after the product is put into the market and circulated, we will further promote the replacement of all soft tubes with
250 microns thickness. According to preliminary estimates, if we calculate based on the annual use of 400 million
toothpaste tubes in the company, the replacement can reduce the use of 150 tons of PE per year, which is equivalent
to RMB 1.25 million at the current PE market price for toothpaste and can reduce carbon emissions by 40,265.6
kilograms of carbon dioxide annually, which is equivalent to the effect of planting 2,200 new trees every year.
We have participated in two sessions of the environmental protection lecture series
organized by the Chenggong District Environmental Protection Bureau, and have shared the
Environmental
education latest environmental updates and information with the subsidiary factories.
activities
Use of Resources
In 2022, Yunnan Baiyao strictly followed the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Conservation of Energy and other relevant
laws and regulations, implemented Energy Management Measures and other policies within the Company, and improved the energy
management system by systematically standardizing the work of various energy-using units. We further strengthened the energy-saving
Carbon Emission Management target responsibility system, incorporated energy usage into employee salary performance assessments, and actively experimented with
new technologies and processes to improve energy and resource utilization efficiency. The total energy cost of the Company in 2022
was RMB 110.646 million, with an energy consumption cost of RMB 30.47 per RMB 10,000 of output value and an energy consumption
of 0.00839 tons of standard coal per RMB 10,000 of output value.
Yunnan Baiyao, as a key energy consumption regulatory unit, actively responds to the national "Dual Carbon" strategy. The Company
improves the construction of the online energy monitoring system, implements the energy-saving target responsibility system, We thoroughly examined the existing energy usage structure and actively investigated new ways to achieve sustainable production
continuously improves the energy management system, actively applies energy-saving transformation technology, strengthens energy- through the use of renewable energy technologies and energy-saving measures. Based on the Company's characteristics, we
saving publicity, and raises awareness of "Dual Carbon" among all employees. Simultaneously, we are investigating digital energy conducted in-depth research on photovoltaic renewable energy in 2022 and launched a preliminary investigation into the photovoltaic
management, which involves the use of digital and intelligent technologies to improve energy management and unlock more energy- power generation project. We actively investigated new energy-saving technology applications in a variety of fields to provide a solid
saving potential. support for the Company's low-carbon development.
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT FOCUSING ON ENVIRONMENTAL SAFETY TO ENHANCE SUSTAINABLE VALUE CHAIN MANAGEMENT
75 76
Energy and Water Usage in 2022 Yunnan Baiyao has established a safety management system structure with distinct rights and obligations, with the Safety Management
Committee serving as the highest accountable body for safety work. Senior executives from the Company and the heads of all
departments serve on the committee, which is responsible for reviewing significant production safety issues and shouldering the main
responsibility of workplace safety. The Committee is in charge of production safety, fire safety, occupational health, and emergency
Energy Indicator Unit 2020 2021 2022
management through its office for safety management.
In 2022, Our Yuhua Industrial Park and Qidian Branch Plant established a double prevention mechanism and re-formulated emergency
plans to further ensure the orderly implementation of emergency rescue work in order to implement the working principle of "Safety and
Electricity Consumption kWh 390,080,000 56,800,000 60,930,863
prevention first, and comprehensive treatment" and improve the Company's overall emergency handling capacity.
In order to eliminate potential safety hazards in time, Yunnan Baiyao strictly implemented production safety supervision and inspection
measures, carried out in-depth safety inspection, potential risks investigation and management in key and risk points. In the meantime,
Gasoline Ton 26.13 27.83 29.49 we closely monitored the employees' operations to ensure that safe production was carried out in a way that effectively prevented safety
accidents. We also made sure that the safe production input was complied with the Work Safety Law of the People's Republic of China.
In 2022, Yunnan Baiyao conducted five quarterly safety inspections, consisting of four cross-inspections and one special inspection. 1,146
Diesel Ton 1.62 1.48 1.59 potential hazards were identified, with a rectification completion rate of 100%.
Natural Gas 10,000 m³ 931.65 1,086.27 1,165.47
Comprehensive Energy Yunnan Baiyao conducted
10,000 Tons of standard coal 1.72 2.15 2.30 100%
Consumption
5
quarterly safety inspections
Comprehensive Energy Completion rate of rectification
Tons of standard coal/RMB
Consumption per RMB 0.0053 0.0059 0.0063
10,000
10,000 of Revenue
Water Consumption Ton 1,094,269 1,368,045.18 1,382,044.72
Water Consumption per
Tons/RMB 10,000 0.3342 0.3761 0.3787
RMB 10,000 of Revenue
Workplace Safety Office Rectification
In April 2022, Kunming Emergency Management
Building a Safe and Healthy Industrial Bureau surveyed Qidian Industrial Park, finding
that the operation valve and connector of the
Park with Orderly Production foam fire extinguishing device were too close to
the protection zone, which made it inconvenient
to operate in case of fire. In view of this potential
hazard, the Company arranged qualified fire
Yunnan Baiyao has always adhered to the concept of "people-oriented and safe development," establishing and improving its safety
fighting agencies to ensure smooth connection
management system, broadening the scope of hazard investigation and remediation, promoting safety culture construction, and overall
and valve opening for fire fighting in case of fire
improving the company's safety management level.
emergencies, and addressed similar problems in
Yuhua Industrial Park.
Safety Management System
Yunnan Baiyao strictly abides by the Work Safety Law of the People's Republic of China and the Law of the People's Republic of China
on Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases and other laws and regulations. Combined with its own operation, Yunnan Baiyao
has formulated and implemented internal policies, such as Work Safety Target Management System, the Work Safety Responsibility
Workplace safety office rectification
System and the Safety Training and Education Management System, which have comprehensively standardized the company's safety
management. In 2022, Yunnan Baiyao revised the Work Safety Responsibility System and added the Safety Risk Management System
to further assume the main responsibilities of production safety of the enterprise and strengthen the control of safety risks.
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT FOCUSING ON ENVIRONMENTAL SAFETY TO ENHANCE SUSTAINABLE VALUE CHAIN MANAGEMENT
77 78
Safety Culture Development
Yunnan Baiyao places a high value on strengthening the construction of safety
The Pedestrian-Vehicle Separation Project of Yuhua Industrial Park
education and training, improving the training system, insisting on developing
and implementing an annual safety education and training plan, instilling
The main road to the north of No. 1, 2 and 3 factory buildings in Yuhua and cultivating safety concepts in employees, and improving their safety
Industrial Park is the main passage for truck loading and unloading, management ability, safety knowledge, and skills.
leading to high traffic pressure. In addition, a lack of speed limit signs The number of safety education
and mirrors in many blind sections leads to large safety risks. During the In 2022, Yunnan Baiyao actively carried out safety consultation day publicity training sessions conducted by the
inspection, the emergency management department of Yunnan Baiyao activities both online and offline, Group Workplace Safety Comprehensive Company was
Knowledge Competition, Ankang Cup Practical Operation Competition, fire
issued a rectification notice to implement pedestrian-vehicle separation
evacuation emergency drills, and other safety education activities, in accordance
management on the factory roads so as to reduce the traffic pressure. 18
with the annual safety education and training plan, effectively improving
Meanwhile, speed limit signs were installed at the main intersections and
employees' safety awareness and labor skills. In 2022, the Company held
mirrors were installed on the blind sections to reduce traffic safety risks.
18 education training sessions with 16,408 participants, one comprehensive
The Pedestrian-Vehicle Separation Project emergency drill, and 22 other drills, including fire accidents, evacuation, electric
of Yuhua Industrial Park shock accidents, and limited space accidents.
The Company held Occupational Health Promotion Week activity in early 2022
and organized employees to participate in occupational health knowledge
training. A total of 2,074 employees attended the training and completed the
online exam. The Workplace Safety Office released promotional materials
available on our WeChat platform, and a total of 1,025 employees viewed the
videos and training materials.
2,074
Yuhua Industrial Park Pipe Network Leakage Inspection Furthermore, to improve its safety management level, the Company conducts
safety education and training for contractors, suppliers, and other relevant
employees attended the occupational
parties and encourages them to conduct regular internal training based on their
health training and completed the
In 2022, in the process of safety inspection, we found the pressure of the system pipe network in Yuhua Industrial Park own industry characteristics in order to improve their safety awareness and
online exam
dropped unusually, that the stabilized pressure pumps started frequently, and that there were pipe network leakage prevent the occurrence of safety accidents.
problems. To reduce the loss and find the leak point as soon as possible, we organized the Workplace Safety Office to
develop a search plan. At first, we found out which section of pipe network was leaking by dividing the sections, and then we There were no major safety incidents or work-related deaths in Yunnan Baiyao
used professional instruments to find the specific leak points. After nearly 10 days of divisional inspection, it was preliminarily in 2022.
determined that there were leakage points in two sections of pipe network. Afterwards, we arranged our employees to use
professional instruments to listen to the sound of underground water flow. After half a month's hard work of listening to the
sound of underground water in the whole factory, we finally found the specific locations of the two leakage points.
2022 Ankang Cup Safety Competition
In 2022, the Company or-
ganized Ankang Cup New
Work Safety Law Knowl-
edge Competition. More
than 2,000 employees par-
ticipated in the month-long
competition. The repeated
participation enabled the
employees to gain a full
understanding of the rele-
vant contents of the Work
Safety Law of the People’s
Republic of China.
Yuhua industrial park pipe network leakage inspection 2022 Ankang Cup Safety Competition
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT GROWING TOGETHER WITH EMPLOYEES AND CREATING A SAFE AND HARMONIOUS WORKPLACE
79 80
GROWING TOGETHER WITH
EMPLOYEES AND CREATING
A SAFE AND HARMONIOUS
WORKPLACE
As a company with a century-long history, Yunnan Baiyao is aware that its employees are its
greatest asset in achieving sustainable growth. Adhering to the principle of lawfulness and
compliance, the Company regularly conducts employee training, organizes volunteer activities,
cares for employees, attends to employee's needs, and collaborates with employees to foster a
free, equal, and friendly corporate culture.
This chapter corresponds to the following Sustainable Development Goals:
05
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT GROWING TOGETHER WITH EMPLOYEES AND CREATING A SAFE AND HARMONIOUS WORKPLACE
81 82
Yunnan Baiyao continues to optimize its position management,
Remaining People-oriented
establish a dynamic position management system, expand By 2022, 51% employees of the Yunnan Baiyao Central
and Being Creative and Innovative channels for employee professional development, and train Research Institute were Masters and Ph.D. holders
and develop interdisciplinary talents in order to promote the
Company's development. To achieve its talent development
and planning goals, the Company strengthened its R&D 129 persons
To ensure equal development rights of employees and pursue mutual benefits of the Company and employees, Yunnan Baiyao develops team in 2022 by establishing a central research institute and
remuneration and incentive plans and improves employee promotion system based on the principle of legal, compliant, and equal recruiting highly educated scientific researchers and investment Yunnan
employment. personnel. Baiyao
Central
As of 2022, Yunnan Baiyao Central Research Institute had a Research Masters and
Employment Compliance
total of 253 employees, including 129 with Master's and Ph.D. Institute Ph.D. Holders
degrees. The institute hired 37 employees for pharmaceutical
Others
Yunnan Baiyao strictly complies with laws and regulations In adherence to the principles of legal and diversified research and development, 12 employees for daily chemical
such as the Labor Law of the People's Republic of China, the recruitment, the Company resolutely opposes all forms of research and development, and 15 employees for strategic
Labor Contract Law of the People's Republic of China, the discrimination based on gender, ethnicity, religion, or political commercial investment positions. Among these new hires, 40
Employment Promotion Law of the People's Republic of China, stance, and incorporates the labor principles of prohibiting child held Master's and Ph.D. degrees.
and the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection labor and opposing forced human rights into the Company's
of Minors; Yunnan Baiyao also formulates internal management management requirements.The Company signs labor contracts
systems such as the Recruitment Management System, and with employees, establishes labor relations, and guards all
Remuneration and Incentives
implements internal management policies such as the Basic employee rights and interests in accordance with the principles
Standards for Enterprise Internal Control, the Measures for the of equality, willingness and consensus.
Management of Job Qualifications, and the Measures for the
Management of Rotation and the Company will continuously Yunnan Baiyao strictly follows the laws and regulations such as the Social Insurance Law of the People's Republic of China, the
build its human resource system. Company Law of the People's Republic of China, the Securities Law of the People's Republic of China, the Measures for the
Administration of Share Incentives for Listed Companies, the Rules for the Listing of Stocks on Shenzhen Stock Exchange, the Guidance
on the Pilot Implementation of Employee Stock Ownership Plan for Listed Companies, etc., formulates the Remuneration Management
System of Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd., the Articles of Incorporation, the Employee Stock Ownership Plan, the Stock Incentive Plan
and other internal management systems. The Company offers pension, medical care, unemployment, work-related injury, maternity and
8,781
In 2022, Yunnan Baiyao had a total of employees, as shown in the table: other insurance for all employees, as well as housing provident fund, enterprise annuity, commercial insurance and Employee Stock
Ownership Plan (ESOP), and rolls out other measures to effectively protect the legitimate rights and interests of employees.
Yunnan Baiyao established a job qualification system and adopted a performance-linked remuneration system in 2022 to promote talent
By Job Type (Person) development and meet the Company's strategic needs by recognizing employees' value. To assess the depth and breadth of employees'
abilities and knowledge, the Human Resources Department collaborated with experts in developing a 10-dimensional qualification
management system covering strategic operations management, technology and quality, analysis and testing, finance and economics,
etc. The Company established an employee performance evaluation system to assess employees' performance and ability monthly
5,233 5,006 5,117 830 1,106 1,291 1,422 1,608 1,611 205 245 260 441 499 502 and annually. The evaluation results are divided into five grades and are jointly determined by the employees and their superiors.
Monthly performance results are reflected in monthly bonuses, while annual performance results are reflected in year-end bonuses and
remuneration adjustments. In this way, a closed loop of employee ability, position, evaluation, and incentive process has been formed.
The Company continues to improve the employee performance appraisal system, transitioning from an offline appraisal platform to an
online information management platform, managing employee performance filling, review, evaluation, and feedback in a systematic
manner, and realizing the standardization, dynamism, agility, and transparency of performance information management.
2020 2021 2022 2020 2021 2022 2020 2021 2022 2020 2021 2022 2020 2021 2022
Sales Employees Technical Employees Production Employees Finance Employees Administrative Employees
Promotion Mechanism
By Gender (Person) By Age (Person)
To establish a dynamic position management system and to provide employees with equal promotion opportunities, Yunnan Baiyao
4,391 4,672 4,715 3,740 3,792 4,066 2,886 2,786 2,838 3,749 4,014 4,184 1,212 1,345 1,433 284 319 326 develops the Position Management System, optimizes the "721" employee training system, establishes a "Y-shaped" employee
development channel, and updates its position overview. To ensure the fairness of the promotion system, the Company creates a
learning map, uses curriculum development as a link to make breakthroughs, creates a key path to guide employee development and
training, and evaluates employee performance objectively using scientific evaluation methods such as the IBM PRG Position Evaluation
Tool and Position Evaluation Score Sheet.
In 2022, to help employees clarify their direction and recognize their own value, Yunnan Baiyao comprehensively sorted out positions,
standardized job titles, clarified talent standards and certification management guidelines, and achieved standardization and precision in
2020 2021 2022 2020 2021 2022 2020 2021 2022 2020 2021 2022 2020 2021 2022 2020 2021 2022 talent training, evaluation, and selection.
Male Employees Female Employees ≤30 31-40 41-50 ≥51
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT GROWING TOGETHER WITH EMPLOYEES AND CREATING A SAFE AND HARMONIOUS WORKPLACE
83 84
Carefully Cultivating Employees and Nurturing
Talents
"Sesame Flower" New Hire Training
Yunnan Baiyao insists that employees are key to company growth and highlights personal development of its employees. It established
the Baiyao Academy to develop a scientific and organized training system, carrying out targeted training for employees at various levels,
Seven departments, including the Human Resources Center, the Pharmaceuticals BG, and the SmartCloud Health BU,
and putting General Secretary Xi Jinping's proposed talent-training concept of "gathering and utilizing talents from all over the world" into
were organized by Yunnan Baiyao to provide training for new hires. This was done to aid in their quick integration into the
practice.
corporate culture, to help them develop values that are coordinated and unified with the Company, sort out the proper quality
concepts, and thoroughly acquire knowledge and skills in safety, operation, and procurement, and to empower new hires.
"Flourishing Flowers" Talent Training System In 2022, the Company provided a total of 43 business development courses, primarily for new hires, with a total course
length of 2,105 minutes.
The Company founded the Baiyao Academy in order to bring together elites, address pain points, gather true knowledge, transmit
culture, push boundaries, and develop a talent training system with "Flourishing Flowers."
Senior Management Middle Management Reserve Management New Hires
Clustering Paris polyphylla Panax notoginseng Sesame
Flower Program Flower Program Flower Talent Program Flower Program
Strengthening the Cultivating managers' A key project of talent Conducting courses
New hire training activities
understanding of the strategic thinking training conducted on corporate culture,
Company's overall and build a reserve both online and offline human resources and
strategy and business team of senior with action learning financial systems,
layout, and fully management and mentor coaching, workplace etiquette and
clarify the Company's weakening the difference communication, core
development plan of employee knowledge business and quality
storage development to enhance
cultural identity
Outdoor Training for Project Managers in the "Panax Notoginseng Flower" Program
"Flourishing Flowers" Talent Training System In May 2022, Baiyao Academy carried out an outdoor training for project managers in the "Panax notoginseng Flower"
Program. We organized team building activities and fun games, and a number of experience activities such as herbal plant
sharing and night conversations around the stove. The activities strengthened the sense of cooperation and trust between
In 2022, Yunnan Baiyao reviewed and upgraded the Panax notoginseng Flower Talent Training Program, improved the training system teams, enhanced the cohesion and sense of mission of the project manager team, and deepened the concept of win-win
using the "1112 Model," and assisted project managers in consolidating and improving their capabilities. The Company also created cooperation.
a Project Manager Workbook, established a case library, summarized project management experience and work methodology, and
achieved a significant breakthrough from scratch. The Company has refined
the outdoor development
activities into a case model
with the themes of symbio-
sis, co-prosperity, sharing,
1 Idea 1 Principle 1 Direction 2 Realities
win-win outcome, and sym-
pathy, and synchronously
enriched the case library of
the Workbook for Project
Learning by practicing,
Integration of training Business reality, Managers.
and applying by Strategic direction
and practice employee reality
learning
"Blind Walk" game and "Herbal Plant Sharing" activity
"1112" Model
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT GROWING TOGETHER WITH EMPLOYEES AND CREATING A SAFE AND HARMONIOUS WORKPLACE
85 86
Building a Team of Internal Trainers CPC Member Training
Yunnan Baiyao has developed a team of internal trainers to discover the Company's invisible knowledge, foster corporate culture and Yunnan Baiyao's Party organizations adopt the first issue system and the study system of central theoretical study group. By various
other types of expertise, and lay an important theoretical foundation for training programs such as Sesame Flower, Panax notoginseng kinds of training organized by the primary-level Party organizations including self-learning, joint learning in internal branches, listening to
Flower, and Executive Face-to-face Programs. Based on the talent planning strategy, the Company, led by internal trainers, has lectures given by the Party secretary and on-site learning, we enable Party members to learn and implement the spirit of the 20th CPC
built a qualification system covering 11 departments, including the Medicine Research Institute, Supply Chain Operation Center, and National Congress and enhance their political awareness and awareness of rules.
Engineering Construction Development Center. By developing training courses, the Company aims to accelerate employee growth and
promote the implementation of various business initiatives.
In 2022, the Company trained 140 internal trainers and created 30 courses, and the total duration of training courses was 1,428 minutes.
Party Committee Central Group Training
Skill Master Studio
Yunnan Baiyao carried out training for Party members and organizes theoretical study with coherence of learning, thinking
and application, unity of knowledge, and faith and action as the core philosophy. The Company carried out a series of
activities to deeply study the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress to integrate it into all aspects of company operation.
Baiyao Academy established the Fan Zhiwei National Skill Master
Studio for technical breakthrough, innovation, leadership, and heirloom, In 2022, the Company conducted more than 150 times of centralized theoretical study, and the total number of participants
In 2022
cultivating professional talents, assisting in the resolution of equipment in the training of Party members was 1,458, and all Party members participated in training.
problems in the production operation area, and serving as the backbone
for the Company's key projects.
The Skill Master Studio continues to cultivate talent, improve skills and
recruit talent for the Company by spreading the Yunnan Baiyao spirit
throughout society. At the same time, thanks to the Skill Master Studio,
the Company overcame many technical challenges and completed The innovation studio trained
several projects, such as boiler waste heat recycling project. The boiler 1
chief technician of Kunming's
waste heat recycling project was chosen as an innovation subsidy
project for Yunnan Province employees in 2022. "Spring City Plan" program
Yunnan Baiyao leveraged its corporate resources and technological
advantages to establish the first university-enterprise innovation studio
in collaboration with Yunnan Vocational College of Mechanical and
Electrical Technology. The innovation studio trained one chief technician
of Kunming's "Spring City Plan" program and one chief technician of 1 chief technician of Yunnan
Yunnan Province's "Xing Dian Talent" program in 2022, serving as a
new model of talent training in the new era. Province's "Xing Dian Talent" program
Meeting on studying the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress
Employee Training
Total Length of Training (hour) Total Length of Training Per Person (hour)
250,508 320,900 24.07 29.72
2021 2022 2021 2022
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT GROWING TOGETHER WITH EMPLOYEES AND CREATING A SAFE AND HARMONIOUS WORKPLACE
87 88
Being Equal, Inclusive, Voluntary and Earnest
Launching Health Lecture Series
Yunnan Baiyao places a high value on employees' rights and interests, strictly complies with legal and regulatory requirements, and
aids employees in realizing their own value, fostering corporate culture by creating a democratic communication platform and planning
volunteer activities. In 2022, Yunnan Baiyao launched training lecture series both online and on site to spread health knowledge to the society,
and invited the author Xu Zhiyuan to discuss life and health to raise the society's attention to health and demonstrate the
bravery to take on social responsibility as a national enterprise.
Equal Communication
Yunnan Baiyao strictly follows the laws and regulations such as the Constitution of
Chinese Trade Unions and the Regulations on Employees Congress, and has formulated
internal systems such as the Management System of Employees Congress, the System
of Employees Supervisors and the Workbook for General Election of Primary-level Trade
Unions to establish a sound system of management and smoothen the communication
between employees and the Company.
The Company continues to improve its employees' communication system and holds
regular employee representative meetings to hear employees' voices and ensure that
employees have the right to information, participation, and corporate management
oversight. Furthermore, the Company has established the Yunnan Baiyao WeChat
group, creating a real-time communication mechanism that strengthens the Company's
response to employees' feedback, fully protects employees from all aspects of
infringement of their rights, and enhancs their sense of well-being.
Yunnan Baiyao conducts health lectures Author Xu Zhiyuan is discussing guarding life and health
with Yunnan Baiyao's CEO Dong Ming and Professor
Zhang Ning in the livestream
Volunteer Service
Yunnan Baiyao demonstrates the responsibility of national enterprises by actively In 2022, employees of Yunnan
engaging in public welfare activities and volunteer work, planning a number of events Baiyao volunteered a total of Caring for Employees and Seeking Harmonious
like effective communication and embracing change, and offering guidance on mental
health issues through public welfare lectures. 14,692 Development
hours
Employees of Yunnan Baiyao volunteered a total of 14,692 hours in 2022, an increase of
45.08% compared with last year. According to Yunnan Baiyao, employees are the foundation of the Company's long-term operation and development. The Company has
undertaken a number of heartwarming initiatives to enhance employees' sense of belonging, including providing benefits, organizing
regular cultural and sporting events, and caring for employees especially female employees.
Employee Benefits
Yunnan Baiyao takes protecting life and health as its mission and attaches great importance to the health and life needs of its
employees. In order to provide employees with a convenient lifestyle that meets their various needs in life and work, the Company built
the Yunnan Baiyao Life Home online welfare platform and frequently hosts shopping promotions.
The Company organizes "Face-to-face True Feelings and Warmth" heartwarming activities, and provides holiday gift baskets and
welfare points for staff members during the Spring Festival, Mid-Autumn Festival, and other traditional Chinese holidays. It also routinely
schedules employee medical checkups, increases staff members' awareness of their own health and safety, and guards the necessities
in production and daily life.
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT GROWING TOGETHER WITH EMPLOYEES AND CREATING A SAFE AND HARMONIOUS WORKPLACE
89 90
Employee Care
Carrying Out Cultural and Sports Activities
In 2022
Yunnan Baiyao pays close attention to its employees,
On the occasion of the 120th anniversary of the birth of Yunnan Baiyao, various commemorative
develops a humane management system, intensifies
activities were carried out to vigorously promote corporate culture. On Labor Day and the Dragon
care for model employees, and pays condolence visits to
Boat Festival, it held competitions with the labor spirit and zongzi culture as the theme; on June 1, the
model employees and front-line employees to convey the
primary-level trade unions led and organized parent-child activities for employees; and youth activities
Party and State's care and love for employees, as well as In 2022, the mutual
with the theme of "Friendship and Dating" were held in collaboration with other organizations. Through
to express respect for them. Yunnan Baiyao assisted assistance fund
various initiatives like a competition of radio exercise, basketball competition, tea culture lecture, and
for Yunnan Baiyao
flower arrangement art, the Company supports employees' physical and mental well-being.
In accordance with the internal rules and regulations of 44 families employees reached RMB
the Standards and Procedures for Establishing a File for
The Company has organized activities such as radio exercise competitions, basketball matches, and
Employees in Difficulty in the Trade Union, the Company offering discounted swimming cards with the themes of enhancing friendships and promoting physical 667,200
has launched a series of humane care programs for
fitness. To cultivate an appreciation for life's pleasures, the Company has hosted events like tea
employees, including birthday care, childbirth visits,
culture lectures and flower arrangement art activities.
hospital visits, and assistance for employees in need.
Through the dynamic monitoring of employees' home with a total of RMB The mutual assistance fund for Yunnan Baiyao employees reached RMB 667,200 in 2022, with 5,437
visits, we can understand the thoughts and emotions participants and a total annual expenditure of RMB 415,700.
of employees, care about their living conditions, and
129,223
help them address their problems in life. Yunnan Baiyao
Caring for Female Employees
assisted 44 families with a total of RMB 129,223 in 2022.
Yunnan Baiyao actively participates in the formulation of the Convention of the Guidance Manual for the Promotion of Gender Equality in
the Workplace, signs the Special Collective Contract for the Protection of Special Rights and Interests of Female Employees with female
employees, establishes an internal women employees' organization, and protects the legal rights and interests of female employees in
the political, economic, cultural, educational, labor and social and family aspects.
Every year on March 8, Women's Day, the women employees' organization organizes inclusive activities for female employees, and this
year it worked with the Company to set up a pilot HPV vaccination site. These initiatives encourage female employees to be conscious
Showing Cares for Employees
of their own cervical health. The women employees' organization closely heeds the direction of the Yunnan Provincial Women Workers
Committee of the Federation of Trade Unions and is listed on the All-China Federation of Trade Union's list of the female worker contact
units.
Last year, Yunnan Baiyao continued to pay attention to employees' life and health safety. Based on the principle of
integrating prevention and treatment, the trade union organized a scientific selection of a total of 13 kinds of anti-
inflammatory, cough, cold and fever medicine produced by Yunnan Baiyao, assembled them overtime, and delivered the
protection care packages to front-line employees' home at the first time.
On December 13, 2022, the Company completed the first task of distributing a total of 5,000 copies; on December 21, it Launching Beneficial Activities for Female Employees
completed all distribution tasks, with a total of 13,000 copies distributed, showing care and providing help for front-line
employees in key areas nationwide.
Yunnan Baiyao has implemented the requirements of the Yunnan
Provincial Federation of Trade Unions, vigorously caring for
female employees, and carried out the "Rendezvous at Trade
Union and Happiness Gathering," "May 1 Women's Care Action"
and "Women's Day" series of thematic activities together with the
Women Workers' Committee of the Yunnan Federation of Trade
Unions. These actions have provided sincere support to female
employees and strived to improve the quality of life of female
employees, driving the whole society to jointly create a warm
workplace atmosphere of care and concern for female employees.
On March 8, 2022, the Company actively cooperated with the
second inclusive activity for female employees organized by
the Yunnan Women Workers Organization. It provided special
packages exclusive to female employees based on their living
and working needs of female employees via Baiyao online mall
and Yunnan State Farms Premium, with the transaction volume
reaching 8,008 orders and sales totaling RMB 733,842.
Posters of beneficial activities for female emoloyees
Protection care package
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT CREATING A BETTER HOME AND BUILDING A HARMONIOUS NEIGHBORHOOD
91 92
CREATING A BETTER HOME
AND BUILDING A HARMONIOUS
NEIGHBORHOOD
Yunnan Baiyao takes it as its responsibility to promote rural revitalization and the development of
harmonious communities. With abundant pharmaceutical resources, the Company makes the most of
its advantage to jointly promote the development of communities, improving community health and
forming community health culture.
This chapter corresponds to the following Sustainable Development Goals:
06
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT CREATING A BETTER HOME AND BUILDING A HARMONIOUS NEIGHBORHOOD
93 94
Contributing to Rural Revitalization and Providing
Derivative Functions
Helping to Promote Rural Health
Yunnan Baiyao studies and carries out General Secretary Xi Jinping's important discourse on rural revitalization. In adherence to the
purpose that rural revitalization is comprehensive revitalization, the Company actively undertakes the corporate social responsibility of
Yunnan Baiyao is committed to the building
consolidating and expanding the achievements of poverty eradication and achieving rural revitalization, places great importance on rural
of healthy counties, and has long offered
revitalization work, and continuously increases efforts to help the rural areas.
medicine, sanitary and medical resources to
poverty-stricken areas, paying close attention
to villagers' health and solving their difficulties
in using medicines. In November 2022, Yunnan
Baiyao launched the medicine donation activity
themed "Revitalizing Health In Rural Areas"
Building an Interests Linking Mechanism in the Traditional Chinese Medicinal Materials Industry
and donated medicines worth RMB 593,000
to help alleviate the financial pressure of the
villagers.
Based on its corporate advantages, Yunnan Baiyao signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Weixi County to build
a long-term interest linkage mechanism for the development of traditional Chinese medicinal materials industry with the
"Group + Company + Cooperative + Farmers" cooperation model.
In 2022, with the principle of "integrated planning, coordinated layout, localization and steady progress," the Company
established pilot demonstration planting sites for traditional Chinese medicinal materials to guide farmers to participate in
investment, change the concept of traditional planting and actively integrate into industrial development. In addition, Yunnan
Baiyao has adopted the method of buying instead of donating to purchase many varieties of traditional Chinese medicinal Health Assistance Donation Activity for rural revitalization
materials such as Auckiandia lappa Decne., Platycodon grandiflorum, Dipsacus asperoides and Gentiana macrophylla in
Diqing Prefecture and Weixi County. As of the end of 2022, the Company purchased traditional Chinese medicinal materials
for a total amount of RMB 4.45 million.
Supporting Education
Yunnan Baiyao is deeply aware of the power
of education. The Company attaches great
importance to the education and assistance
of minors, offers all kinds of educational aid
and assistance, and raises the consciousness
that knowledge changes fate. At the same
time, the Company encourages rural students
to use the power of knowledge to give back
to their hometown, build their hometown and
drive the development of their hometown.
In June 2022, Yunnan Baiyao carried out the
"June 1 Children's Day School Sponsorship"
activity, donating school bags and other
stationery and household medicines for a
total amount of more than RMB 8,000; in
November 2022, it carried out the "Golden
Autumn Scholarship for Rural Revitalization"
activity, sponsoring a total of 85 rural college
Geography of Weixi County students with a total amount of RMB138,000. Golden Autumn Scholarship Activity for rural revitalization
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT CREATING A BETTER HOME AND BUILDING A HARMONIOUS NEIGHBORHOOD
95 96
Contributing to the Building of a Healthy Participating in Public Welfare and Delivering Warmth
China in Many Aspects
Yunnan Baiyao is dedicated to corporate social responsibility, participating in a variety of public welfare activities, and actively
In 2022, Yunnan Baiyao, guided by the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress and based on the reality of the enterprise, initiated a
implementing community-building projects to give back to society.
number of social activities, such as "Sending Health to the Border" and "Care for Runners," focusing on social problems, continuously
contributing to the building of healthy China, and realizing both economic and social values. Yunnan Baiyao participated in 17 public welfare projects including donation of materials and construction of medical training, with a total
donation of RMB 14,034,900.
Supporting Shanghai
"Sending Health to the Border" Public Welfare Action
Yunnan Baiyao, as a company that won the title of "Outstanding Group for Poverty Alleviation" in Yunnan Province, insists
on donating medicine to the border areas every year and organizing special training on orthopedic treatment, maternal and
child health care and other related topics. With deep love, Shanghai and Yunnan Working Together to Tide over Difficulties
From October 27 to 28, 2022, Yunnan Baiyao, in collaboration with Tongji Hospital of Shanghai Tongji University and the
First People's Hospital of Yunnan Province, carried out charity consultations on orthopedics, gastroenterology, neurology In March 2022, Yunnan Baiyao actively cooperated with the Yunnan Provincial Health Commission and coordinated the
and other related diseases, and provided training to primary-level doctors to improve local medical standards. Company's internal resources to complete the loading and delivery of 9,600 boxes containing four varieties of medicines
with a total worh of RMB 20.95 million, at the lowest price and the fastest speed.
On April 1, 2022, Yunnan Baiyao sent an emergency shipment to Shanghai, donating products such as Banlangen
granules, Shangfengting capsules, Danxi Yupingfeng granules, 75º alcohol disinfection wipes, flat-shaped medical masks
and other daily products such as Yunnan Baiyao toothpaste and Yangyuanqing shampoo to meet the needs of people in
Shanghai.
Yunnan Baiyao's "Sending Health to the Border" Activity
Launching "Care for Runners" Action
In 2022, Yunnan Baiyao launched the "Care for Runners" Action with online platforms to build a scientific and safe sports
platform for runners, popularizing first-aid safety knowledge by explaining sports health and inviting experts to demonstrate,
and guarding the safety of every participant.
By 2022, the "Care for Runners"
Action had been launched in 114
cities, with more than 200 "Injury-
free Training Camp" events held
and more than 10 people partici-
pating in the 5.8km online "Injury-
free Running" challenge.
Rushing to Shanghai
"Care for Runners" Action - Thematic event on the Parent-Child Love Running Day
YUNNAN BAIYAO 2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ESG REPORT FEEDBACK FORM
97 98
Co-Building the Community Feedback Form
Yunnan Baiyao has always been concerned about the joint building of the community, providing diversified benefits to the residents of
Yunnan, Kunming and Chenggong Industrial Park for a long time. Yunnan Baiyao donated 7,100 packages worth RMB 4,678,900 to
Dear readers,
local farmers, sanitation employees, urban management officers, special police officers, and traffic cops in the Company's vicinity in
2022. Hello!
We appreciate your patience as you read this report. This is the 17th year in a row that we have published our CSR report to the
community, and we are eager to improve its quality through your reading and evaluation to meet our stakeholders' demands. As a result,
we have created the following feedback form in the hopes that you will evaluate this report and provide valuable feedback to assist us in
making continuous improvements to the report.
Sending Blessings for the Chinese New Year to Contribute to Community Building
On the occasion of the Chinese New
1.Your overall evaluation of this report
Year, Yunnan Baiyao continued its annual
"Building Harmonious Neighborhoods"
Very good Good Fair Poor Very poor
activity. The Company organized visits to □ □ □ □ □
villagers, sanitation employees and the
2.Your evaluation of the readability of this report
police around the Company, conveying
care for the community, sending New
Very good Good Fair Poor Very poor
Year gifts to the members in the com- □ □ □ □ □
munity, and bringing the community the
3.Your evaluation of the structural arrangement of this report
greetings of Baiyao people.
Very good Good Fair Poor Very poor
□ □ □ □ □
4. Whether the content disclosed in this report meets your expectations
Yes No Not sure
□ □ □
5. Does this report fully reflect the social responsibility undertaken by Yunnan Baiyao?
Fully reflected Partially reflected Not reflected
□ □ □
Feedback Form for Yunnan Baiyao Group Co., Ltd. 2022 Corporate Social Responsibility and ESG Report
Name: Tel:
Unit: Email:
Address:
Mailing Address: No. 3686, Yunnan Baiyao Street, Chenggong District, Kunming City, Yunnan Province
Postcode: 650500
Website: www.yunnanbaiyao.com.cn
Leaders of the CPC Committee of Yunnan Baiyao pay a visit to
Tel: 0871-66226106
the community
