Stock Code﹕002493
RONGSHENG SUSTAINABILITY
REPORT 2024
Rongsheng Petrochemical
Official Account
About the Report
Report This report elaborates the performance and management measures of Rongsheng Petrochemical Co., Ltd. (hereinafter
Information referred to as “Rongsheng Petrochemical”, “the Company”, or “we”) in terms of the environment, society, and corporate
governance in 2024, with particular focus on stakeholder concerns.
Reporting The report covers the Company's information and data from January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024 (hereinafter
Scope referred to as “the reporting period” ), and some of the contents can be traced back to previous years or extended to
2025. The report covers Rongsheng Petrochemical and its subsidiaries, and a small portion of the data covers less than
the scope defined above. Contents that refer to Zhejiang Rongsheng Holding Group Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as
“Rongsheng Holding”), the parent company of Rongsheng Petrochemical, is specified separately.
Preparation This report is prepared based on the Self-Regulatory Guidelines for Companies Listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange
Basis No.17 – Sustainability Report (For Trial Implementation) and the Self-Regulatory Guidelines for Companies Listed on the
Shenzhen Stock Exchange No.1 - Standardized Operation of Companies Listed on the Main Board. This report also
referred to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Sustainability Reporting Standards, the Guidelines on Corporate Social
Responsibility Reporting for Chinese Enterprises (CASS-ESG 5.0) and Guidance on Social Responsibility Reporting (GB/T
36001-2015).
This report is determined in accordance with an established set of procedures, which consists of identifying and
prioritizing material issues about the environment, society, and corporate governance, determining the scope of the
report, collecting relevant information, compiling the report, and reviewing the information in the report.
Data Source The financial data in this report comes from the Annual Report. Other information and data are from relevant internal
statistical reports and documents of the Company. The amount of currency associated with the Company is measured
in RMB.
Glossary For the convenience of presenting and reading, “the Company”, “Rongsheng Petrochemical”, and “we” in this report all
refer to Rongsheng Petrochemical Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries. Other companies are referred to as follows:
ZPC refers to Zhejiang Petroleum & Chemical Co., Ltd.
Zhongjin Petrochemical refers to Ningbo Zhongjin Petrochemical Co., Ltd.
Rongsheng (Singapore) refers to Rongsheng Petrochemical (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.
Rongsheng Energy refers to Rongsheng Energy Co., Ltd.
Yisheng Dahua refers to Yisheng Dahua Petrochemical Co., Ltd.
Yisheng New Material refers to Zhejiang Yisheng New Materials Co., Ltd.
Hainan Yisheng refers to Hainan Yisheng Petrochemical Co., Ltd.
Rongxiang Chemical Fiber refers to Rongxiang Chemical Fiber Co., Ltd.
Shengyuan Chemical Fiber refers to Zhejiang Shengyuan Chemical Fiber Co., Ltd.
Yongsheng Technology refers to Zhejiang Yongsheng Technology Co., Ltd.
Languages The report is published in simplified Chinese and English. In the event of contradiction between the two versions, the
simplified Chinese version shall prevail.
Report The Company engaged Klynveld Peat Marwick Goerdeler Huazhen LLP to provide limited assurance on the selected
Assurance 2024 key data in the 2024 Sustainability Report. Please refer to the section “Independent Assurance Report” for more
information.
Confirmation Upon confirmation by the management, the report was approved by the Board of Directors and published on April 24,
and Approval 2025.
Report Access This report is available in simplified Chinese and English for readers' reference. To browse online or download this
report, please visit the official website of Rongsheng Petrochemical at http://www.cnrspc.com, or cninfo at
www.cninfo.com.cn.
We value the opinions of our stakeholders, and readers are encouraged to contact us through the following methods.
Your suggestions will help us further improve this report and our social responsibility management.
Telephone: +86 571-8252 0189
Official website: http://www.cnrspc.com
Address: No. 678 Xinyi Line, Yinong Town, Xiaoshan District, Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province
E-mail: rspc@rong-sheng.com
Ensuring Operational Conserving Ecology
Compliance to Enhance and Unleashing Green
Growth Strength Potential
CONTENTS
021 Corporate Governance 031 Enhancing Environment Management
023 Information Disclosure Management 037 Response to Climate Change
023 Investor Relations Management 046 Reducing Resource Consumption
024 Business Ethics Management 052 Controlling Pollutant Discharge
057 Seizing Clean Technology Opportunities
001 About the Report
059 Main Environmental Performance Indicators
004 Chairman's Message
Creating Momentum
by Reinforcing Quality
and Safety
063 Guarding Work Safety
072 Strengthening R&D Innovation
074 Enhancing Quality Management
Working Together
in Harmony for
Common Progress
077 Protecting Employees' Rights and Interests
082 Striving for High-Quality Services
084 Practicing Responsible Sourcing
085 Building a Better Community
087 Future Prospects
088 ISO System Certification Statistics of the Company
About
089 Independent Assurance Report
Rongsheng
094 Index
Petrochemical
095 Reader's Feedback Questionnaire
007 About Us
008 Market Structure
009 Core Competitiveness
010 Recognition
012 Remuneration Appraisal
013 Materiality Assessment
017 ESG Governance
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
Chairman's Message The year 2024 is a crucial year for achieving the goals set out in the Environment-friendly practices, shaping a future of energy
14th Five-Year Plan, in which we navigated an increasingly complex efficiency and green development. In 2024, we resolutely responded
international landscape. Upholding our business philosophy of to the “carbon peaking and carbon neutrality” national goal by
“Sincere Creation, Preeminent Pursuit”， we dived into the implementing effective carbon management measures across our
petrochemical industry and pressed forward with unwavering operations. We have been exploring and devising initiatives to reduce
determination on the path of technological innovation. carbon emissions at our factories while probing into efficient
utilization and recycling of carbon resources. Our MSCI ESG rating
Technological breakthroughs, charting a path of innovation and
stepped up to BBB, which is among the best in China's commodity
resilience. In 2024, we centered our efforts on core business and
and diversified chemicals industry, representing a leapfrog
technological advancements to enhance the production capabilities
improvement within one year. Our management performance on
and self-sufficiency of high-end petrochemicals and cutting-edge
carbon emission reduction, water resources management, corporate
new materials in China. This is essential in strengthening the
governance among other issues is at the leading level in the global
foundation for the independent development of our industry. Our
petrochemical industry. In 2024, we continued to fulfill our
Jintang New Materials Project has effectively extended our industrial
responsibility by putting green initiatives into action. We invested RMB
chain, and further enhanced our comprehensive competitiveness by
273 million in environment protection demonstrating our dedication
promoting the development of light olefins and environment-friendly
to environment-friendly development.
operations. At the Zhoushan Green Petrochemical Base, we have
successfully produced high-quality 1-octene, ending our reliance on International cooperation, paving the way for win-win development
foreign technology and ensuring the security of related supply chain. across borders. In 2024, we deepened our international partnerships,
Moreover, the polyether plant and the polyester chip project were reinforcing the global commitment of Chinese enterprises. Our collab-
launched as scheduled, filling domestic technology gaps, boosting oration with Saudi Aramco progressed with the signing of the Memo-
supply capacity, and accelerating industrial upgrading. randum of Understanding and the Cooperation Framework Agreement,
and we have achieved a milestone with the finalization of the Develop-
ment Framework Agreement. At major international events, such as the
International Petroleum and Natural Gas Enterprises Conference and
the China International Import Expo, we secured strategic partnerships
with leading companies from around the world to enlarge our interna-
tional “circle of friends”. Moving forward, we will intensify our interna-
tional collaborations, deepen our presence in global markets, and
actively engage in international competition and cooperation, to create
powerful momentum for China's high-quality economic development
and contribute to the country's commitment to a higher level of
openness.
Soaring to new heights and embarking on the path to future success.
Looking towards 2025, Rongsheng Petrochemical will remain dedicat-
ed to the mission of “Contribute to the country's real sector and lead
industrial development” and will continue to spearhead in the green,
digital and intelligent transformation. We will leverage the advantages
in refining-petrochemical integration, optimize our industrial structure,
and increase input in technological innovation to accelerate the
iterative industrial upgrading. Together with our partners, we will pool
collective wisdom and energy to advance with determination and
pragmatism, ensuring the sustainable growth and transformation of
the industry. Let us join hands to depict the grand blueprint for 2025.
Li Shuirong Chairman
003 004
About Rongsheng
Petrochemical
005 006
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
About Us
Corporate Culture
Rongsheng Petrochemical Co., Ltd. (SHE: Rongsheng Petrochemical, 002493) is headquartered in Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province. As an important
Corporate culture is of utmost importance for the Company's
pillar enterprise of Zhejiang Rongsheng Holding Group Co., Ltd., one of Fortune Global 500, the Company is one of the leading private Core values
sustainable development. During more than 30 years of
petrochemical enterprises in China. Focusing on our primary business and standing fast to the real sector, we are an international enterprise development, Rongsheng Petrochemical has always been Honest, optimistic, and grateful
dedicated to the development of the whole petrochemical industry chain, with nearly 20 thousand employees. The Company adheres to the
following its corporate culture construction to undertake
two-wheel driven scientific and technological research and development (R&D) model of “independent innovation” and “open cooperation”. We
social responsibility actively and take the path of green
have built several technological innovation platforms such as high-tech R&D center, academician expert workstation, enterprise technology
innovation and sustainable development.
center, and postdoctoral research workstation, forming a professional technical team mainly composed of experts, staff holding doctoral degrees
and senior engineers. The Company is leading in the global industry in respect of competitiveness and the product brand value.
The Company adheres to the development strategy of “Two-Way of Vertical and Horizontal” and strives for the sustainable management goal of Serve the country with industry and Mission Sincere Creation,
the “Centurial Enterprise, Trillion Target.” The Company is mainly engaged in the R&D, production and sales of various oil products, chemicals and lead industrial development Management Preeminent Pursuit
polyester products. The Company has seven production bases in the Bohai Economic Circle, Yangtze River Delta Economic Circle and Hainan concept
Economic Circle. We have established five industry chains of polyester, engineering plastics, new energy, high-end polyolefin, and specialty
rubber. We are one of Asia's major manufacturers of polyester, new energy materials, engineering plastics, and high-value-added polyolefin, with
nationally or globally leading production capability for chemicals, such as PX, PC, butadiene, MMA, cis-butadiene rubber and styrene-butadiene
rubber.
Be a centurial enterprise that is responsible, Vision
Based on the existing and complete industrial chain, the Company is actively expanding its business in various fields, such as new energy, new
industry-leading, and sustainably profitable
materials, organic chemicals, synthetic fibers, synthetic resins, synthetic rubber and oil products, with the proportion of related products constantly
increasing. Meanwhile, the Company has been actively planning for globalized operation. In 2023, the Company introduced Saudi Arabian Oil
Company（ hereinafter referred to as “Saudi Aramco”） as a strategic investor and signed the Share Purchase Agreement as well as a package of
strategic cooperation agreements through a wholly-owned subsidiary of Saudi Aramco to establish a strategic cooperative relationship. At
present, Saudi Aramco holds 10%+1 of the Company's shares. In 2024, the Company signed the Development Framework Agreement with Saudi
Aramco and SASREF to expand refining and petrochemical production capacity and enhance international cooperation. The Company's grand
Market Structure
blueprint for overseas development has further unfolded.
The Company's footprints cover a plenty of provinces domestically, countries and regions globally.
007 008
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
Core Competitiveness Recognition
After years of development and improvement, the Company has seized the opportunities in the industry
Advantage in
adjustment and realized rapid growth, with the development mode of “from a drop of oil to everything in 6th
Comprehensive
the world”. Through the extension of the industrial chain, the Company has effectively reduced business 37th 6th 8th of the Chemical
Industrial
costs, realized the mutual support of upstream and downstream sectors, and also improved its sustainable of the 2024 Fortune of the Chemicals 50 of the ICIS Top 100 Producers
Synergy
profitability and anti-risk ability. China 500 2024 Ranking Chemical Companies Billion-Dollar
Club
Along the eastern coastline of China, the Company's production bases are mainly distributed in Dalian,
Liaoning Province of the “Bohai Economic Circle”, Ningbo, Zhejiang Province of the “Yangtze River Delta Fortune Magazine (US) Brand Finance Independent Commodity Chemical Week (US)
Intelligence Services (ICIS), a
Advantage Economic Circle” and Haikou, Hainan Province of the “Belt and Road Economic Belt”and “Maritime Silk data and analysis provider in the
in Significant Road”. All production sites are adjacent to high-quality ports, connected to the canal, and the terminal global petrochemical market
Competitive facilities are fully equipped. The main raw materials and other auxiliary raw materials required for the
Location production of the Company's products can be unloaded and stored at the Company's self-built or rented
chemical material wharf, which greatly facilitates the transportation of bulk raw materials and their
inventory adjustment. 9th
14th 36th
of the Top 500 Best ESG
of 2024 Global of the Top 500
Chinese Management of
Top 50 Chemical Chinese
Manufacturing Listed Companies
The Company has a strong market sensitivity and flexible decision-making mechanism, keeps an eye on Firms Enterprises
Advantage Enterprises in 2024
market dynamics, and makes timely and accurate adjustments to the strategy under the institutional
in Outstand-
advantages of its own fast pace and few links, and grasps the opportunities of the market situation. The
ing Strategic
management has a keen investment acumen, accurate timing of project production, and excellent
Layout Chemical & China Enterprise China Enterprise Weekly on Stock
investment and financing capabilities. Engineering News (US) Confederation & China Enterprise Confederation & China Enterprise
Directors Association Directors Association
The Company adheres to the two-wheel driven scientific and technological R&D model of “independent
innovation” and “open cooperation” . We have built first-class R&D platforms such as high-tech R&D center,
2nd 6th
academician expert workstation, enterprise technology center, and postdoctoral research workstation. At the Excellent Practice
Advantage same time, we actively carry out foreign technical exchanges and discussions, promote the integration of Cases of Sustainable Responsible of China Petroleum of the 2024 Top 500
Development of Governance and Chemical Petroleum and
in Strong industry, university and research cooperation, integrate the resources of universities, society, enterprises and
Listed Companies in Contribution Award Enterprise Top 500 Chemical Enterprises
R&D other parties, work together to improve the level of scientific research, promote technological progress, and 2024 (Independent Production (General) by Sales
Innovation jointly create an open, healthy, win-win innovation ecosystem. In recent years, the Company has continuously and Operation)
increased scientific research cooperation with domestic and foreign institutions, and its R&D investment has
consistently maintained an industry-leading level, with independently-developed innovation capabilities
China Association for yicai.com China Chemical Enterprise China Petroleum and Chemical
significantly enhanced.
Public Companies Management Association Industry Federation &
China Chemical Enterprise
Management Association
The Company attaches great importance to the construction of corporate culture, has a good working
Advantage atmosphere and a strong corporate cohesion, and has cultivated a group of stable core management, R&D,
in Abundant technical talents through internal training, external introduction, and other measures. The Company values Zhejiang
Talent the cultivation of on-the-job employees, based on reality and comprehensive planning, constantly 2nd 2024 Hangzhou Province AA-Level Award of
Listed Companies
Resource broadens the employee selection platform, and establishes an effective incentive mechanism, so that all of 2024 Zhe Shang "Contract-Abiding Hangzhou 5-Star
ESG Strategy and
kinds of talents have a “stage where they can exercise their abilities”. National Top 500 and Credit-Worthy" Kunpeng
Charitable Impact
Enterprises Publicly Listed Enterprise
Leaders 20
Enterprise
The Company adheres to institutionalized construction, integrates digitalization, intelligence,
Zhe Shang Magazine Hangzhou Civil Hangzhou Municipal CPC Hangzhou
Advantage in standardization, process and normalization into the operation of the enterprise, fully integrates
Affairs Bureau Administration Municipal Committee
Efficient procurement, production, inventory, sales and other business links, and continuously improves the ability to for Market Regulation and Hangzhou Municipal
Operation and respond quickly. The Company has established a set of effective management systems based on its own People's Government
Management actual situation, clarified job responsibilities and work processes, and effectively reduced operating costs
through refined management.
009 010
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
Performance Highlights
Operating income 326,475.16 Total assets 377,845.94
(Unit: RMB million) (Unit: RMB million)
325,111.61 374,918.44
289,094.84 362,587.42
R&D investment 5,101.48 Environmental 100
protection training
(Unit: RMB million)
coverage
100
(Unit: %)
100
6,555.28
Remuneration Appraisal
4,367.11
The Company has adopted the Rongsheng Holding Group Overall Appraisal Program (hereinafter referred to as the “Appraisal” ), which takes the
Company's Directors, Supervisors, and senior management into consideration, and has incorporated changes in sustainability performance
indicators into the remuneration structure of Directors, Supervisors and senior management, so that their remuneration is tightly linked to
sustainability goals. The Appraisal involves daily HSE supervision and management (including contractors), incident management, safety training,
employee satisfaction, and business ethics. The Company conducts annual appraisals of Directors, Supervisors, and senior management in
accordance with the Appraisal and determines the annual bonus allocation plan on the basis of the appraisal scores
Remuneration of the Company's Senior Management in 2024
Safety investment 721.13 Total safety training 100
(Unit: RMB million) coverage Fixed salary [monthly payment] (RMB 10,000) Variable pay [year-end payment] (RMB 10,000) Total remuneration Total actual
(Unit: %) 100 Name Annual bonus payable Actual annual bonus payable before tax remuneration
Total salary Other allowances before tax
before tax before tax
541.58 100 Xiang Jiongjiong 137.30 2.37 88.47 78.05 228.14 217.72
Zhou Xianhe 113.34 1.4 41.22 37.13 155.96 151.87
Quan Weiying 72.83 1.14 21.66 19.18 95.63 93.15
351.82 Wang Yafang 59.58 1.19 37.82 33.55 98.59 94.32
Variable compensation is determined based on the achievement of assessment indicators set at the beginning of the year, including resource and
Note energy consumption data, compliant emissions, stakeholder relationship management, brand building, and other sustainability performance. In 2024,
the Company's senior management practically completed the goals set at the beginning of the year.
011 012
Step 1: Analyze the background of the Company's activities and
Materiality Assessment
business relationships
During the year, Rongsheng Petrochemical conducted a company-wide materiality assessment following the procedures below:
When conducting materiality assessment, the Company profoundly analyzes the background of each management activity and business
relationship at first, and then conducts interviews with management personnel to obtain information on business, management, employees,
products and services, and market conditions. Meanwhile, we analyze internal and external policies, risk assessment reports and ESG standards, to
sort out the status quo, opportunities and challenges of sustainable development. We are committed to building cooperative and mutually
beneficial relationships with both internal and external stakeholders to achieve win-win situation and maximized value with joint endeavors. We
maintained active communication with stakeholders via multiple channels to learn about their demands and concerns and responded to
stakeholders with practical actions.
Stakeholder Concerns Communication Channels
Shareholders' Meetings
Compliance Company announcement
Risk management Regular reports and communication
Performance growth and return Press conferences/meetings
Shareholders Business ethics Investor surveys Hotline
and investors WeChat official account Mailbox
Fully paying taxes according to the law Press release/announcements
Supporting the state strategies The Company's official website
Low-carbon operation and environmental protection Regular communication
Governments
Energy conservation and emission reduction Information disclosure
and regulators
Product quality Hotline Satisfaction surveys
R&D innovation E-mail Customer complaints
Customer rights and interests Customer visits
Customers
Customer services The Company's official website
Employees
Partners
Supporting public welfare and charity Charity events
Supporting community construction Media communication and coverage
Low-carbon operation and environmental protection Site visits
Communities
Energy conservation and emission reduction
013 014
STEP
1
Analyze the background of the Company's
activities and business relationships
STEP
2
Create an IRO (impact, risk and opportunity)
inventory of issues
STEP
3
Materiality assessment and confirmation
Both impact materiality and financial materiality are scored by internal and
external ESG experts based on the magnitude of the impact of the issues and the
likelihood of their occurrence.
STEP
4
Materiality assessment result analysis
The 2024 materiality matrix is established based on the assessment
data in Step 3, identifying and prioritizing annual material issues.
STEP
5
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
The Company's activities and business relationships
Internal and external objective environment
Major stakeholders
Policy analysis Peer analysis
Rules and standards ESG rating requirements in the
benchmarking capital market
Equal employment Suggestion boxes
Remuneration and benefits Employees' meetings
Employee development Hotline
Employee care Employee events
Occupational health and safety Service evaluation
Materiality information disclosure Fairness and transparency Technical meetings
Integrity in contract performance Online communication
The Strategy and ESG Committee reviews and confirms the analysis results, and
then the Company discloses the material issues in the sustainability report, based Cooperation and mutual benefits Regular visits
on the analysis results. Responsible sourcing Suppliers' meeting
Protection of intellectual property rights Hotline
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
Step 2: Create an IRO (impact, risk and opportunity) inventory of issues Step 4: Materiality assessment result analysis
By benchmarking peer enterprises, studying macro policies and laws and regulations, finding out industry development trends, and grasping ESG We adopt the two-dimensional matrix of “financial materiality - impact materiality” to present the materiality assessment results. We have
rating requirements in the capital market, we identify potentially material issues that can reflect the impacts of the Company's business on identified that “climate change response” and “environmental compliance management” are material in respect of finance. Meanwhile, these two
economy, environment and society or influence stakeholders' decisions. By doing so, we aim to ensure that the identified issues are in line with issues also are material in respect of impact.
regulatory requirements as well as the international best practices. With extensive reference to the issue identification methods and prioritization
results of peer enterprises performing excellently in respect of sustainability, we identify material issues that draw intensive concerns and update
the IRO inventory of issues.
Step 3: Materiality assessment and confirmation
We assess and prioritize issues based on their impact materiality and financial materiality. Impact materiality focuses on whether the Company's
performance in respective issues significantly affects economy, society and environment. Financial materiality focuses on whether each issue is
expected to significantly affect the Company's business model, business operations, development strategy, financial position, operation results,
cash flows, financing methods and costs in the short, medium and long terms . In line with regulatory requirements, risk assessment standards and
actual production and operations, we set the determination thresholds for and prioritize impacts, risks and opportunities, taking into account the
feedback from stakeholders and internal and external experts. Ultimately, the assessment results are output to inform strategic decision-making
and resource allocation.
When assessing the impact of sustainability issues, we consider the magnitude of the impacts on environment and society and as well as the
frequency of occurrence:
Consideration Description
● Magnitude of impacts on ● It refers to the extent of impacts, and is categorized into high,
environment and society medium and low levels.
● Frequency of occurrence ● It measures how often an issue occurs, and is categorized into
high, medium and low levels.
When assessing the risks and opportunities of sustainability issues, we consider the severity of property damage consequences, the magnitude
of impact on property gains, and the frequency of occurrence:
Consideration Description
● Severity of property damage ● It refers to the extent of property damage consequences, and is
consequences categorized into high, medium and low levels.
● Magnitude of impact on ● It refers to the extent of influence of impacts on property gains,
property gains and is categorized into high, medium and low levels.
● Frequency of occurrence ● It measures how often an issue occurs, and is categorized into
high, medium and low levels.
2024 Materiality Matrix for Sustainability Issues
1 The period of time is defined as short term when it is shorter than 1 year, medium term when between 1 year and 5 years, and long term when longer than 5 years,
in order to align with the Company's strategic development plan, industry characteristics, nature of risks and opportunities and resource allocation plan.
015 016
High
Impact
materiality
Governance issues Environmental issues Social issues
22 Anti-corruption
Environmental
Product and service safety and qualit 6 compliance
Climate management
15 1 change
Anti-unfair competition 23 response
17 Employee
Stakeholder Management of clean
engagement 21 2 technology opportunities
19 Chemical safety management
Supply chain Energy
Privacy and management 13 7 management 3 Pollutant emissions
information security 17
12 4 Waste management
Equal treatment 14
for small and medium Innovation-driven
enterprises development
11 Social contribution 8 Water resource management
Circular economy 9
10 Rural revitalization
5 20 Due diligence
Ecosystem and biodiversity
conservation
18 Technology ethics
Financial materiality High
Low
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
ESG Governance
Board of
The Company has deeply integrated ESG management with the development and growth of its operation.
Directors
We continue to practice social responsibility and work with stakeholders to generate value and share
development outcomes, acting as a company that sincerely pays back to the society and earnestly fulfills
social responsibility.
The Company has set up a top-down ESG structure that involves multiple parties. The Company has
established the Strategy and ESG Committee, which is chaired by the Chairman of the Board of Directors and Decision-making
has four Directors as members. It is responsible for reviewing the Company's environmental Level
management-related matters, including environmental strategic planning, environmental goal setting,
environmental policy formulation and execution management, climate risk assessments, environmental
performance, and environmental information disclosure. The Strategy and ESG Committee regularly reports
Strategy and
to and is under the supervision of the Board of Directors. The Office of Board Secretary leads other
departments and the subsidiaries in implementing and promoting ESG governance practices. This structure ESG Committee
clearly defines the responsibilities and promotes the cooperation within the Company, laying a solid
foundation for the Company's ESG governance and sustainable management.
The Strategy and ESG Committee holds a regular meeting at least once a year to receive briefing from the
management on the progress of ESG matters. Various topics are discussed at the meeting, including ESG
policy trend, key issue management, potential risks and opportunities, progress towards targets and
information disclosure. Through the meeting, we can ensure that ESG-related impacts, risks and
opportunities are fully considered for decision-making, work planning and resource allocation. During the
reporting period, the Strategy and ESG Committee hold one meeting in total to review the Company's ESG
management.
Senior
The Company organizes regular training sessions lectured by industry experts, covering areas such as latest Management Level Management
ESG trends, excellent case studies and professional skills. These training sessions provide the Board of
Directors, the management team and relevant personnel with ESG knowledge and practical skills, enabling
them to fulfill the Company's strategic planning, implement policies and meet regulatory requirements.
Secretary of
the Board
Execution Level
Departments and
Subsidiaries
Rongsheng Petrochemical
ESG governance structure
017 018
Ensuring Operational Compliance
to Enhance Growth Strength
The sustainable development of an enterprise depends not only on its robust financial
performance, but also on a well-established corporate governance structure as well
as a fair and harmonious business environment. Rongsheng Petrochemical
continuously optimizes the internal management system and adheres to high
standards for business ethics, striving to ensure that all business activities comply with
laws and regulations. We are committed to incorporating the concepts of “innovation,
coordination, sustainability, openness, and sharing” into our business strategy. In
addition, we also actively undertake social responsibilities and maintain a sound
relationship with society, to boost the Company's new journey of high-quality
development with a well-established responsibility system.
019 020
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
The Strategy and ESG Committee, Audit Committee, Risk Control Committee, Nomination Committee, and Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
were instituted under the Board of Directors. Each committee assumes its responsibilities and collaborates with the others to ensure the Company's
high-quality development.
Strategy and Li Shuirong ① Review the Company's major business strategies
ESG Committee Li Yongqing ② Supervise and verify the Company's major investment decisions
Yan Jianmiao
③ Review and supervise the Company's ESG matters, and regularly report
Shao Yiping
to and be subject to the supervision of the Board of Directors
Zheng Xiaodong
Audit Committee Shao Yiping ① Inspect the Company's compliance with laws and regulations
Corporate Governance Zheng Xiaodong ② Review the Company's accounting policies, financial position, and financial
Li Yongqing reporting procedures
Li Cai'e
③ Communicate with the Company's external auditors
Yan Jianmiao
In strict accordance with the applicable laws, regulations, and regulators' requirements of the locations where the Company's stocks are publicly ④ Appraise the internal auditors and their work
offered, including the Company Law of the People's Republic of China, the Securities Law of the People's Republic of China, the Code of Corporate
⑤ Appraise the Company's internal controls
Governance for Listed Companies, the Rules Governing the Listing of Shares on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, and the Self-Regulatory Guidelines for
Companies Listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange No.1 - Standardized Operation of Companies Listed on the Main Board, Rongsheng Petrochemi- ⑥ Review and supervise the existing or potential risks in the Company
cal continues to improve the corporate governance structure and internal control system to regulate the operation of the Company and maximize
the protection of rights and interests of the Company's shareholders, stakeholders and employees. The Company constantly improves internal
management requirements by formulating the Internal Reporting System for Material Information and other policies, aiming to achieve full coverage
Risk Control Zheng Xiaodong ① Focus on the overall business targets, and execute the basic process of
of the systems and refine the internal control system.
Li Cai'e risk management in all aspects of its management and operation to
Committee
The Company has established a three-tier governance structure which consists of the Shareholders' Meeting, the Board of Directors, the Board of Xiang Jiongjiong establish a good culture of risk management
Supervisors, and the senior management. The Company has independent business and operational autonomy and operates independently in terms Yan Jianmiao ② Establish a sound risk management system that includes risk
of its business, assets, personnel, organization, and finance. During the reporting period, a total of 6 meetings of the Board of Directors, 6 meetings Shao Yiping management strategy, risk financing measures, organizational function
of the Board of Supervisors, and 2 Shareholders' Meetings, were held. A third-party law firm confirmed that the convening and corresponding system for risk management, risk management information system and
procedures of the Shareholders' Meetings complied with the relevant laws, regulations, normative documents and the relevant provisions of the internal control system to provide reasonable assurance for the overall
Articles of Association of the Company, such as the Company Law of the People's Republic of China, the Rules on Shareholders' General Meetings of targets of risk management
Listed Companies, the Shenzhen Stock Exchange Detailed Rules for the Implementation of Online Voting of Listed Companies at the General Meeting
of Shareholders. The Shareholders' Meeting of the Company adopted on-site voting and online voting, and voting is carried out by registered voting,
and all the proposals of the general meeting of shareholders have been passed, and there is no selective information disclosure.
Nomination Shao Yiping ① Analyze the composition of the Board of Directors and define the
We place emphasis on the diversity in gender, professional background and expertise of our Board of Directors. By the end of the reporting period, Li Shuirong requirements for Directors
Committee
the Company had 9 Directors and 3 Supervisors, including 1 foreign Director and 8 domestic Directors, and 3 of the Directors were female. Among Yu Fengdi ② Establish criteria and procedures for the selection of Directors
these Directors and Supervisors, 2 are professors, 1 hold doctoral degrees, and 3 hold master's degrees. Our Directors have the professional Yan Jianmiao
③ Conduct an extensive search for qualified Director candidates
background in a variety of disciplines including finance, law, and economics, and they all have rich experience in the industry, ESG management and Zheng Xiaodong
risk management. They are capable of reviewing the Company's decision-making in a more inclusive, long-term, and international perspective, ④ Conduct a formal review of Director candidates nominated by the Board of
effectively improving the Company's internal governance efficiency and laying the cornerstone for the stable and sustainable development of the Directors and the Board of Supervisors
Company. The information on Directors, Supervisors and senior management is detailed in the 2024 Annual Report.
⑤ Finalize the candidate list for voting on the Shareholders' Meeting
Remuneration Yan Jianmiao ① Formulate criteria for the appraisal of Directors, Supervisors and senior
2024 Li Shuirong management and conduct the appraisal
and Appraisal
Yu Fengdi
② Formulate and review the remuneration policies and schemes for
Committee
Shao Yiping
Directors, Supervisors and senior management
6 6 2
Meetings of the Board Meetings of the Board of Shareholder's Zheng Xiaodong
of Directors Supervisors Meetings
Note: The chairpersons of the committees are shown with their names in bold.
021 022
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
Business Ethics Management
Information Disclosure Management
Business ethics is an important cornerstone for the Company's long-term stable development. The Company strictly complies with the Anti-Money
Laundering Law of the People's Republic of China, the Anti-Unfair Competition Law of the People's Republic of China, and other laws, regulations
and normative requirements. The Company has formulated internal policies such as the Regulations on Employees' Integrity Practice and the
With great importance attached to information disclosure management, we strictly comply with relevant regulatory requirements,
Business Ethics Policy, to enhance business ethics management. In 2024, the Company revised the Regulations on Employees' Integrity Practice. The
and actively fulfil our disclosure obligations, to ensure the compliance and transparency of information disclosure. We have
revision not only emphasizes that the Company's employees shall resolutely refuse to accept or exchange any form of benefits from or with
formulated internal information disclosure management systems such as the Management System for Information Disclosure
stakeholders, but also further defines the punishment standards for employees' violation of the integrity policies. The Company strictly regulates
Affairs, the Information Insider Registration Management System, and the Accountability System for Major Errors in Information
the conduct of employees and urging them to consciously abide by social and professional ethics. We adhere to compliant operation and fair
Disclosure in Annual Reports, and prepared the Specification for Announcement Format to regulate information disclosure
competition, prohibit any form of commercial bribery, money laundering and monopoly. The Company expressly prohibits employees from
standards and reporting procedures and ensure that the information disclosed is true, accurate, and complete. In 2024, there were
engaging in any activity that may constitute an unfair competition, such as business deformation, false publicity, and improper acquisition or use
no major negative reports or doubts about corporate social responsibility in the public media. For details of the Company's profit
of business opportunities. Moreover, we strictly require all employees and suppliers to abide by business ethics. During the year, the Company did
distribution, please refer to the 2024 Annual Report. In the future, the Company will continue to improve the quality of information
not experience any litigation or significant administrative penalties resulting from commercial bribery, corruption or unfair competition.
disclosure and regulate operations. Moreover, the Company will enhance the relationship with the capital market through fair and
transparent communication, to give back to investors in gratitude for their trust and support.
Establishing Management Framework
Investor Relations Management
The Company has incorporated business ethics risk assessment in the scope of key risk identification and risk assessment. Moreover, the Company
regularly identifies business ethics-related risks and maps out specific response measures. To address business ethics risks in key areas, the
Company not only conducts internal audits and special inspections， but also formulates and implements targeted preventive measures. For major
We always adhere to the idea of “respecting and rewarding investors”. We have formulated the Investor Relations Management
business ethics issues identified, the Company's Inspection Department is responsible for rectifying findings, while the Strategy and ESG
System and appointed dedicated management personnel to continuously optimize the investor relationship management. We
Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible for monitoring and managing the progress of rectification in a timely manner.
effectively safeguard the rights and interests of investors through multi-channel and holistic communication and interaction with
investors. The Company regularly hosts performance briefings and Investor Reception Day events, collaborates with institutions for
on-site research, convenes teleconferences, and actively participates in collective Investor Reception Day events in the jurisdiction
and institutional investment strategy summits. The Company has set up an investor hotline and responds to investors' enquiries
The Strategy and ESG Committee Inspection Department
through the Shenzhen Stock Exchange's IRM platform to ensure daily communication with investors. Through practical and
of the Board of Directors
sufficient communication and dialogues, the Company has built a positive image in the capital market and deepened the capital
market's understanding of the Company.
Chaired by the Chairman of the Board of It takes the lead in the specific anti-corruption
Directors, the committee is fully responsible for management and the building of a clean enterprise;
supervising business ethics and anti-corruption
By conducting business ethics audits, it assesses the
matters, holds regular meetings to formulate and
performance of Rongsheng Petrochemical and its
implement work policies related to business
subsidiaries in business ethics and enforces
ethics, receives reports from management on
accountability accordingly.
business ethics risks and corresponding
measures, and conducts timely reviews of overall
It regularly reports the progress of business ethics
work progress.
management to the Strategy and ESG Committee
and the Audit Committee.
023 024
Improving Audit Procedures Inspection Entity being
Department inspected
The Company constantly improves its internal supervision system and regularly studies and deploys key business ethics tasks through annual
Formulate work plan and
all-employee audits, to achieve full coverage of business ethics audits of the Directors, Supervisors, senior management and all employees within Planning and Rongsheng Holding and
submit it to the Chairman
the Company. The work plan for audit is arranged in 3 stages of “Planning and preparation - Implementation and reporting - Feedback and preparation stage its subsidiaries
of the Board for approval
reevaluation” as detailed below:
Implementation Organize specialized Key projects and
and reporting stage inspection reported information
Issue inspection report Implement
and provide suggestions for rectification
rectification
Feedback and Verify rectification Report rectification
reevaluation stage outcomes outcomes
Recapitulate inspections Included in annual
conducted this year appraisal of subsidiaries
24
During the reporting period, the Inspection Department completed audit projects across all operating sites and business
lines of Rongsheng Petrochemical and its subsidiaries , and held 20 individuals accountable.
audits focused on business ethics and 6 100
anti-corruption %
with audit
6
reports issued of the findings rectified
audits
We will continue to push forward the rectification.
025 026
Procurement Sales Production Technology Safety
&
Environment
Human
Resources
Business
Ethics
Other
relevant
issues
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
Scope of inspection
Planning and preparation stage
The Inspection Department formulates the annual audit work plan at the beginning of each year and submits it to the
Chairman of the Board of Director for approval. The scope of audit covers procurement, sales, production, technology,
safety and environment, human resources, business ethics and other aspects of Rongsheng Petrochemical and its
subsidiaries. The Inspection Department arranges the audit projects based on the annual work plan, formulates the work
proposals, assigns the auditors and defines audit period. In addition, it also determines the entities to be audited, ensuring
that all operating sites and business lines of Rongsheng Petrochemical and its subsidiaries receive audits including
business ethics audits at least once a year. In particular, we set the standards and plan for the business ethics audit based
on the Business Ethics Policy of Rongsheng Petrochemical, to ensure the implementation effectiveness of the policy.
Implementation and reporting stage
The Inspection Department carries out regular audits, including business ethics audit, in accordance with the work plan,
and organizes special business ethics audit of the Company's key projects or whistleblowing information. After completing
the business ethics audit, the Company will promptly issue an audit report and put forward suggestions for management
optimization. If any issue to be rectified is found in the business ethics audit, the relevant subsidiary is required to rectify
the issue in a timely manner and subject to the progress tracking inspection of the Audit Department.
Feedback and reevaluation stage
The Inspection Department re-inspect the implementation of the rectification measures upon receiving the feedback Diagram of Inspection Procedures
from the inspected entities on the rectification of their business ethics issues. It summarizes the results of annual business
ethics audits at the end of each year and submits the results to the meetings of the Board of Directors and the Board of
Supervisors of Rongsheng Holding under the supervision of the Strategy and ESG Committee. Rongsheng Petrochemical
2024
and its subsidiaries are required to complete a special performance evaluation in respect of business ethics issues every
year, with the evaluation results incorporated in the annual assessment of each subsidiary.
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
Business Ethics Training Reporting Mechanism
Guided by the Company's Business Ethics Policy and other policies, we have established a robust business ethics training system, and strictly carry out To regulate the performance of duties and promote ethical practice, the Company has established an integrity reporting mechanism to receive
all training tasks. In addition to requiring Directors, Supervisors, senior management and all employees to complete internal business ethics and and process reports from employees and the public. We accept reports on corruption, fraud, neglect of duty, and behaviors that harm our regular
anti-corruption training annually, the Company also completes various external training on business ethics in accordance with regulatory requirements. production, operation, and management activities.
During the year, anti-bribery and anti-corruption training covered 19,077 staffs, which includes 371 management officers and 9 directors.
Reporting Approaches
In 2024, the Directors of the Company participated in two training sessions organized by the Company and one training session organized by
China Association for Public Companies, respectively, and the training sessions covered business ethics, insider trading and other related issues;
The Company arranged annual training on integrity for middle and senior technical management personnel and employees in key positions. We Hotline Visiting Reception E-mail WeChat Mailing
invited prosecutors from People's Procuratorate of Daishan County of Zhoushan to share typical cases of clean practices, and a total of more
than one thousand people attended the sharing on site or watched the live-streaming online;
The Company conducted training on business ethics for all employees. All employees of Rongsheng Holding and its subsidiaries (including The Company's Inspection Department is in charge of the work related to reporting on integrity. The Inspection Department assigned dedicated
part-time and dispatched employees) watched a training video about integrity education through the WeChat official account “Rongsheng personnel to manage the Reporting Platform and assembled a report handling group. After receiving a report, the report handling group
e-Office”. This move further improved the overall business ethics of our employees and helped them form correct occupational values. conducts preliminary analysis and judgement, and categorizes the report according to the scope of inspection, the nature of the matter, degree
and the severity of the violation, and whether the Inspection Department is able to investigate. The investigation task force will provide their
We require all suppliers and customers who participate in the quoting and bidding activities on the e-commerce platform2 to sign the Rongsheng opinions after the preliminary assessment, and the results will be delivered to the whistleblower promptly. For any updates in the future, we will
Holding E-Commerce Platform Letter of Commitment in advance, which includes the Company's integrity requirements for suppliers, their communicate with the whistleblower to provide more feedback.
employees and customers. Meanwhile, by adding in the supplier contracts the business ethics management requirements and feedback channels
for supervision and reporting, the Company makes clear the business ethics management requirements to suppliers, and identifies business ethics
issues in a timely manner. In 2024, the Company improved the clauses of prohibiting commercial bribery in the supplier contract template, and Giving feedback on the handling result Report Archiving
registrar
added the Supplier Commitment Letter on Integrity and Self-Discipline, to further clarify the Company's standards for suppliers' business ethics.
Handling according to
Report Report Report Responsible
Whistleblower recipient registrar handling group department(s) internal procedures
(following up if necessary)
Investigating and handling the
Investigation
reported matter and releasing
task force
the investigation report
Discussing how to
Submitting Receiving Registering
handle the reported
the report the report the report
matter
Reporting process
The Company strictly prevents the leakage of reporting information, and implements the whistleblower protection mechanism. The Company has
formulated the Requirements for Reporting Confidentiality and Whistleblower Protection, and the Human Resources Management Regulations,
specifying the principle of handling the reported issues, and measures for reporting confidentiality and whistleblower protection. We strictly
prohibit all forms of retaliation. Once any retaliation behavior is found, it will be strictly handled in accordance with the Implementation Measures
for Rewards and Punishments for Employees of Rongsheng Holding Group Headquarters. Access to the information about the whistleblowers and
Business ethics education and training contents of their report are limited to the Inspection Department internally. If the report involves significant matters, its access will be limited to the
investigation task force. We aim to protect the whistleblower and their close relatives at the source of information.
2 Suppliers of the Company's procurement and sales business mainly participate in quotations and bidding through the Rongsheng e-commerce platform.
027 028
Conserving Ecology and
Unleashing Green Potential
Always upholding the green development philosophy, the Company views
environmental protection as the foundation of our sustainable development. In
addition to ensuring environmental compliance, we explore carbon reduction,
emission reduction, and resource management measures and actively respond to
climate change to fulfill corporate responsibility for environmental protection. Within
the reporting period, we did not experience any major environmental protection
accidents, major complaints regarding environmental protection, major environmental
administrative penalties, or any other environmental issues, and no significant impact
has been caused to employees, local community residents, or other stakeholders.
029 030
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
Enhancing Environment Management
Target Regular Performance
Setting Assessments Rewards
The Company continues to improve its environment management system to meet compliance requirements and the needs of green development
of the Company. We strictly abide by the Environmental Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, the Law of the People's Republic of China
on Environmental Impact Assessment and other laws and regulations. Based on the characteristics of their operation, each subsidiary has
developed internal policies including the Environmental Protection Management Accountability, the Management Measures for Environmental
Protection Facilities, and the Plan for Environmental Emergencies to effectively manage and limit their impact on the environment. We strive to build Each subsidiary determines the
a resource-conserving and environment-friendly green enterprise. assessment indicators, including The subsidiaries' progress At the end of the year, cash
water, electricity, steam and other towards target completion is
rewards will be granted based
resource and energy consumption collected and calculated on a
data, as well as waste gas, monthly basis. on the appraisal results.
Environmental Risk Management wastewater and other compliance
emission data.
Governance structure
Level Role
The Strategy and ESG Committee is responsible for: Process of environmental performance assessment
Reviewing and supervising the Company's strategic planning, policy formulation, target setting and implementation
management in respect of environmental protection;
Reviewing and supervising the Company's environmental risk assessment, environmental performance,
Governance level environmental information disclosure and other related matters; Each year, the Company develops training plan on environmental management to enhance the capabilities of the Strategy and ESG
Committee and the management staffs for overseeing the environmental management. These capabilities mainly include:
Ensuring that the Company's management of environmental risks and opportunities is in line with the strategic
direction, regulatory requirements and stakeholder expectations.
Type of capability Description
The HSE Management Group/HSE Committee is responsible for:
Setting annual targets, work plan and management evaluation plan in respect of environmental management;
Expertise in environmental Be possessed of the expertise in environmental science, pollution control and other disciplines, and knowledge of
Building and improving the framework of environmental management policies; management domestic and international environmental protection policies and regulations.
Organizing the development of the Company's plan for environmental emergencies and carrying out the Company's
emergency drills;
Management level Environmental risk Be possessed of the knowledge of methods and tools for assessing environment-related risks and opportunities to
Reviewing environmental hazards and the implementation of preventive measures;
assessment and assess the impact of environmental factors on the Company's production and operations and the external
Improving the Company's supervision and inspection system for environmental management and carrying out
management ability environment, and formulate risk and opportunity management plans.
supervision;
Regularly reporting to the governance level on environmental management.
Ability to plan and Formulate and implement action plans for pollutant reduction targets, environmental protection technology
implement development, resource efficiency improvement and adaptation to environmental changes, and be possessed of the
The executive level of the Company is responsible for: environmental strategy expertise in environmental management.
The daily management of environmental protection;
Routine environmental monitoring, and contingent monitoring for emergencies and projects; Ability to communicate Communicate and exchange information with all levels within the Company and external stakeholders on
Investigating and analyzing abnormal data and taking corrective measures; and coordinate environmental issues, and cooperate with external institutes to promote the Company's sustainable development
Execution level
Reporting the results of environmental protection efforts to management. environmental issues projects, ensure the support and coordination for action plans, and jointly push ahead environmental targets.
In accordance with the Professional Assessment Rules for HSE Management and other environmental performance assessment policies of the
Company, we have established a target responsibility system and a performance assessment system, linking environmental performance with
managers' remuneration. In addition, we inspect and assess each department monthly for purpose of implementing the Company's supervision
and inspection.
031 032
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
Risk Management
Each subsidiary regularly identifies and assesses environmental risks and opportunities. The environmental risk identification and assessment are
carried out in line with the relevant provisions of Environmental Management Systems (GB/T 24001-2016). In addition, the Management Procedure
for Environmental Factor Identification and Risk Evaluation has been established. A cross-functional team consisting of professionals with rich
experience in environmental factor evaluation and production management carries out relevant work. We identify the environmental factors in our
products and services. Subsequently, based on the environmental impacts, we calculate the quantity of risk substances and assess the production
processes, the discharge points of each pollution source, environmental risk control level, and preventive and control measures. Furthermore, we
evaluate the objects affected by environmental risks and opportunities by means of environmental factor questionnaires, production process
analysis and material balance analysis. By doing so, we determine the levels of environmental risks and opportunities, and take relevant preventive
and emergency response measures for environmental risks and opportunities. Meanwhile, we prepare the Assessment Report on Environmental
Risks and Opportunities, which is used as a guide for the Company's management of environmental risks and opportunities.
The cross-functional team of each subsidiary establishes a risk and opportunity matrix based on the likelihood of occurrence and impact
Response Strategy
magnitude of risks and opportunities. The cross-functional team determines the risk coefficients, to qualitatively classify the identified risks and
opportunities. When determining the risk coefficients, the cross-functional team assesses the likelihood of occurrence of impacts, risks and
opportunities related to environmental management based on historical data and industry experience, while measuring the severity of the
Description of major environmental Response measures and key financial impacts
impacts of these risks and opportunities in view of finance, operations and reputation.
management risks and opportunities
Metrics and Targets
Risks
After identifying the risks and opportunities in environmental management, the Company defines the primary department of responsibilities and
formulates corresponding management measures or action plans, such as developing management system, upgrading metric measurement,
Rongsheng Petrochemical's production processes may Strengthen environmental monitoring： setting environmental targets, defining production operation procedures, planning technology upgrading or plant renovation projects, and
generate pollutants or waste such as exhaust gas and evaluating the effectiveness of countermeasures or plans. The HSE management team or HSE committee at the management level of each
Rongsheng Petrochemical tracks the emission of various pollutants in real
wastewater, which need to be disposed of properly. subsidiary defines the timeline for the implementation of management measures or action plans, regularly evaluates the results of the work and
time by building an integrated environmental monitoring system to ensure
Violation of relevant laws and regulations may incur provides guidance on the implementation of the measures and plans. For detailed metrics and targets, please refer to Section "Controlling
the compliance of operations with laws and regulations, and takes prompt
compliance and pollutant disposal costs, or legal costs may Pollutant Discharge" and "Main Environmental Performance Indicatorsin" in this Chapter.
measures for excessive emissions to reduce environmental impacts;
be incurred by litigation, with the Company's reputation
impaired. Strengthen compliance management
Establish a robust environmental compliance management system to
ensure that production activities comply with the latest environmental
regulations, thus reducing costs and legal risks arising from
non-compliance.
Opportunities
Rongsheng Petrochemical can actively manage the Policy utilization
generation and disposal of various pollutants and wastes
Keep abreast of government incentives in environmental protection,
through technological improvement or other strategies, which
such as tax incentives and subsidies, and promptly adjust the
may reduce the Company's exposure to government policies
Company's strategies to take full advantage of these policies.
on environmental protection and lower compliance costs.
Develop circular economy that gives full play to resources, Technological innovation
to reduce Rongsheng Petrochemical's production and
Invest in R&D and introduce advanced environmental protection
operation costs, or generate additional benefits.
technologies to improve the efficiency of pollutant treatment and reduce
waste generation, while exploring more ways of waste recycling.
Collaboration projects
Work with research institutes, universities and partners in the industry to
carry out environmental protection projects, share resources and
knowledge, and step up the innovation and application of environmental
protection technologies.
033 034
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
Environmental Management System
2024
The Company attaches great importance to the proper operation of the environmental management system. In accordance with the requirements
Environmental 272.73 Number of major Proportion of
of the ISO 14001 Environmental Management System, the Company has established its environmental management policy, defined departmental
protection environmental pollution 0 pollutant discharge up 100
responsibilities, promoted environmental management measures, improved the environmental emergency response plan, and clarified the %
investment million RMB accident case to the standard
performance assessment requirements for environmental management. The Company conducts annual full-process environmental audits at all
operational sites, cooperating with internal audit expert teams to inspect production site environments, waste generated during production
processes, and the operation status of environmental protection facilities. Identified issues are rectified through closed-loop corrective actions.
Meanwhile, the Company continues to advance the certification of its environmental management system. 86% of our subsidiaries in operation have
obtained ISO 14001 Environmental Management System certificate. Companies that have obtained ISO 14001 certification undergo 1-2 2024
professional third-party environmental compliance audits annually to further ensure the sound operation of the environmental management
system.
Proportion of noise Coverage of
controlled up to the 100 environmental 100
% %
standard protection training
ZPC conducted integrated management system audit
Case
Environmental Impact Assessment and Audit
ZPC continues to conduct internal and external system audits. In 2024, ZPC's Internal Audit Department conducted a one-week internal
audit of quality, environment and occupational health and safety management systems. The Internal Audit Department required the
For the conservation and effective utilization of resources, acceleration of industrial structure adjustment, and the rational allocation of production
relevant departments to carry out rectification work in view of the problems found at the scene. After completing the rectification, ZPC
factors, the Company controls the impact of its projects on the surrounding ecological environment through systematic environmental impact
prepared the internal audit report as required by the Company's QES management system based on the results of the internal audit
assessment. We incorporate environmental factor identification and environmental monitoring throughout the project design, construction, and
and the rectification, which was used as the basis for management performance review. In addition, ZPC engaged Beijing Sanxing 9000
operation processes. We have also submitted our environmental monitoring data and environmental impact assessment results to relevant
Certification Body Co., Ltd. to conduct external audit and successfully passed the external supervision and audit this year.
government agencies promptly to urge ourselves to continuously advance our environmental management and data system construction. All of
our new construction, renovation, and expansion projects have passed environmental impact assessments, which cover environmental hazards,
ecological impact assessments, water and air quality analysis, and noise monitoring.
The Company actively cooperates with the national, provincial and municipal bureaus of ecology and environment on external environment
ZPC HSE training inspection, rectifies identified issues promptly and investigates for similar ones. The HSE Department verifies the outcome of rectification and then
Case reports to the administrative authority on ecology and environment.
The Company formulates internal inspection plans and conducts internal environment inspections which focus on aspects such as the operation of
ZPC develops the HSE training plan on an annual basis. This year, ZPC carried out a string of training sessions on environmental environmental protection facilities, the compliance of the discharge of “three wastes3”, and the operation of the environment-emergency-related
protection, such as the Training on Environmental Statistics and Law-Abiding Disclosure of Corporate Environmental Information, the facilities. Each subsidiary arranges environmental inspections of different frequencies and a comprehensive environmental emergency drill
Training on Clean Production Proposal Selection and Feasibility Analysis Capability Enhancement, and the Training on Industrial Solid annually in light of the importance of equipment, facilities, and production processes to improve environment management by combining internal
Waste Management Capacity Enhancement. With a duration of approximately 6 hours, these training sessions covered a total of 115 and external checks.
people, enhancing the professional competence of environmental management staff.
In addition, in accordance with the requirements of the Emission Permit, the Company develops the environmental monitoring plan and
implements environmental monitoring. Moreover, for key pollution sources, the Company installs automatic online monitoring systems, to realize
online monitoring and interconnection with government platforms. We regularly record pollution source monitoring data, prepare the report on
the implementation of the emission permit, and disclose environmental information to the society, accepting the supervision of the government,
the public and related parties.
环境管理体系认证证书
注册号：0350224E20247R6L-1 Ecological Environment Protection
兹 证 明
浙江盛元化纤有限公司
注册地址：浙江省杭州市萧山区益农镇东沙村红阳路
统一社会信用代码：91330109754409144F
管 理 体 系 符 合
GB/T 24001-2016 / ISO 14001:2015 标准 Attaching great importance to ecological environment protection, Rongsheng Petrochemical spares no efforts to realize a harmonious coexistence
证书覆盖的范围
纤维级聚酯切片、涤纶预取向丝、涤纶牵伸丝、涤纶低弹丝的设 of industrial development and ecological environment protection, contributing to the construction of a green and sustainable industrial park. The
计、生产和服务（涉及场所：浙江省杭州市萧山区益农镇东沙村红阳
路 ）*** Company is located in an industrial park. The environmental assessment demonstrates that our operations do not cause significant impact on the
颁 证 日 期 ： 2 02 4 年 7 月 3 1 日 有 效 期 最 长 可 至 ：2027年7月30日注
surrounding ecosystem and biodiversity. When taking water from/discharging wastewater to the sea, the Company strictly follows the
签 发 人：
r
s
e
u
q
rv
u
e
ir
y
e
in
m
g
e
t
n
h
t
e
s o
d
f
e n
th
s
e
it y
e n
o
v
f
i
t
r
h
o
e
n m
fis
e
h
n
p
ta
o
l
p
a
u
s
l
s
a
e
ti
s
o
s
n
m
,
e
a
n
n
t
d
. W
ta
e
ke
a
c
c
o
cu
rr
r
e
a
s
t
p
e
o
ly
n
c
d
a
in
lc
g
u l
b
a
i
t
o
e
l o
t
g
he
ic a
p
l
o
c
s
o
s
m
ib
p
le
e n
b
s
io
a
l
t
o
io
g
n
ic
m
al
e
lo
a
s
su
se
re
s
s
d
a
u
c
r
c
in
o
g
rd
t
i
h
n
e
g l
s
y
e
.
a
E
w
ve
a
ry
te r
y e
in
a
t
r
a
,
k
t
e
h e
p
C
ro
o
c
m
es
p
s
a
b
ny
y
carries out breeding and releasing activities to replenish and recover marine biological resources, ensuring the stability and sustainability of
ecological protection measures.
Environmental management system certificates obtained by the Company and some of its subsidiaries
3 Including wastewater, waste gas and solid waste.
035 036
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
Response to Climate Change The Company engages external professional consultants with climate expertise to advise on management of climate-related risks and
opportunities and provide relevant training, in an effort to improve the capabilities of the Strategy and ESG Committee and management in
oversight and management of climate-related initiatives. The capabilities mainly include:
As a leading enterprise in the petrochemical industry, the Company is deeply aware that it bears greater obligation to respond to climate change
and the national strategic deployment of “carbon peaking and carbon neutrality” goals. The Company actively adopts effective carbon
Type of capability Description
management measures, continuously develops carbon reduction initiatives at the plants, and explores ways of carbon utilization, contributing to
the achievement of the national “carbon peaking and carbon neutrality” goals and the fulfillment of its environmental responsibility. Expertise in climate- Be possessed of the expertise in environmental science, energy management, etc., and knowledge of
related disciplines domestic and international policies and regulations on climate change.
Apply risk and opportunity assessment tools to perform in-depth analysis on impacts of climate change
Risk assessment and
on the operations and external environment of the Company, and formulate targeted risk and
Governance Structure management capability
opportunity management strategies.
Board of Directors
The Strategy and ESG Committee under the Board of Directors of the Set and implement emission reduction targets based on the Company's existing business and future plan;
Governance Strategy planning and
Company oversees the Company's ESG governance practices and Level execution capability actively promote the development of low-carbon technologies; strive to improve energy efficiency; and
performance, including climate change issues. In addition, the Strategy and ESG create action plans for adaptation to climate change.
committee reviews the Company's climate-related objectives and Committee
strategies, and evaluates and monitors the management of impacts, Effectively communicate and share information with all levels of employees within the Company and
risks and opportunities related to climate change, the progress Communication and external stakeholders on climate-related issues, to win the support and collaboration of all parties
toward climate-related targets and the implementation of related Management Climate-related coordination capability involved for the action plans. Actively cooperate with external organizations to promote the Company's
efforts. The committee conveys meeting at least once a year to hear Level leading group sustainable development projects, and work together with them to achieve climate targets.
management's report on management of impacts, risks and
opportunities related to climate change, and makes suggestions. The
committee takes the above responsibilities to ensure that the Execution Reporting
Relevant departments
Company's climate change response strategy is aligned with the Level path Response Strategy
Company's strategic orientation, regulatory requirements and
stakeholder expectations.
As a pillar industry of the national economy, the petrochemical industry faces a number of challenges in response to climate change, such as
Climate governance structure pressure on carbon emission, market volatility and the complexity of resource management arising from energy transition. However, technological
innovation and clean energy development bring new opportunities to the petrochemical industry. Under this macro situation, Rongsheng
Petrochemical needs to comprehensively assess the impact of its business on climate change and identify the risks and opportunities in order to
Each subsidiary of the Company has set up a climate-related leading group at management level, with the general manager and the relevant achieve sustainable development and contribute to the green and low-carbon transition of the industry.
department heads serving as the group leader and the group members respectively. Based on the carbon reduction requirements of the chemical
industry, the “carbon peaking and carbon neutrality” action plans of the provinces and municipalities where the Company operates, the layout of
Type of impact and description Response strategy
the Company's industrial portfolio, and the innovative carbon emission management technologies, the leading group coordinates the planning,
implementation, evaluation and supervision of climate-related tasks, and reports to the Strategy and ESG Committee on a regular basis.
Negative GHG Chemical production generally Energy audit and efficiency improvement: Reduce energy
At the execution level, the Company defines responsibilities and tasks in response to climate change for relevant departments and subsidiaries, impact emissions leads to high energy consumption consumption and GHG emissions by conducting energy audit, refining
requiring them to break down the Company's carbon emission management goals into their own work objectives and task lists to carry out key and high GHG emissions and may production processes, phasing out high energy consumption equipment,
initiatives. They are required to report regularly to the leading group the information on achievements and progress of climate-related initiatives, accelerate global warming, while and introducing energy-saving technologies and equipment.
updates of GHG emissions data, emerging low-carbon technologies, and monitoring and early warning of disasters. certain production processes Energy recovery: Promote thermal recovery system to save energy.
Clean energy substitution: Gradually replace the fossil fuels used in
featuring high energy
production and operation with renewable energy (e.g., wind energy and
consumption will also pose
solar energy) to reduce GHG emissions.
adverse impact on the
Carbon emission monitoring and reporting: Strengthen monitoring
environment. and management of GHG emissions to ensure compliance with environ-
mental protection standards.
Positive Application Promote the low-carbon Setting emission reduction targets: Set clear carbon emission targets,
impact of clean transition of the industry by and reduce CO₂ emissions by adjusting business model and investing in
technology setting carbon emission targets, renewable energy projects.
Exploring low-carbon technologies: Continuously invest in R&D,
investing in renewable energy
promote low-carbon production process, actively deploy CCUS, and
and exploring low-carbon
explore CO₂ removal technologies.
technologies.
Cross-field cooperation: Carry out cross-field cooperation with
research institutes and universities on innovation of technology and
production model in relation to low carbon and clean energy, to accelerate
low-carbon business transition.
Major climate-related impacts and response strategies
037 038
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
With reference to the shared socio-economic pathway (SSP) scenario and the Network for Greening the Financial System (NGFS) scenario set out
Physical risk
in the Sixth Assessment Report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC AR6), the Company assesses its resilience to climate
change in the short, medium and long term in respect of corporate strategy, business model and other aspects.
Acute risk (short-term) Chronic risk (long-term)
The major climate-related risks and opportunities identified by the Company and our response strategies are set out in the following table.
Extreme weather event risk Supply chain disruption risk Operational risk
Floods and typhoons may damage Natural disasters can damage Higher or lower average temperatures
factories, production lines or critical transportation infrastructure, affect and sea level rise may result in higher
Transition risk facilities and inventories, and cause logistics and transportation, and operating costs, damage to
Type of risk and
significant impact on the Company's cause difficulties in supplying raw equipment and facilities, or higher
Technology risk description production and operation, resulting in material and marketing products. temperature maintenance costs to
Policy risk (long-term) Market risk (long-term)
(long-term) direct economic losses due to For instance, as the Company's main preserve specific chemicals; and
production interruptions, and costs on logistics channel is shipping, prolonged droughts may result in
As the government continues to impose With the rapid As climate change drives customers to pay repairing facilities and resuming typhoon disaster may bring insufficient water supplies and affect
stricter environmental protection policies development of more attention to the Company's production. difficulties for the upstream business operations.
Type of risk and and emission reduction targets, the low-carbon technologies, environmental profile and the sustainability suppliers to deliver raw material and
description Company needs to adapt to the policy the Company needs to of the products, the Company needs to for us to deliver products, which will
changes and invest in equipment seek technological adjust the products and services to meet result in the Company's shortage of
renovation and technological upgrades to innovation and market demands. In addition, the raw materials and failure to deliver
meet the compliance requirements. transformation, otherwise Company's failure to meet the expectations products in time and, accordingly,
Otherwise, the Company may face the risks the Company may be put of capital market and other major impact the Company's production
of fines and production restrictions. at a competitive stakeholders in terms of response to and operation.
disadvantage in the climate change may pose negative impact
market. on our brand and reputation.
2030 Low Low Low
High
2030 Low Low Low Risk emission 2050 Low Medium Low
High
Risk exposure scenarios
exposure emission 2050 Low Medium Medium under 2060 Low Medium Low
scenarios
under 2060 Medium Medium High different 2030 Low Low Low
different scenario Low
scenario Low 2030 Medium Medium Medium assumptions emission 2050 Low Low Low
scenarios
assumptions emission 2050 High High High 2060 Low Low Low
scenarios
2060 High High High
● Formulate policies such as the ● Strengthen long-term ● Optimize the site selection strategy,
Management Policy on Prevention of cooperation with suppliers, give full consideration to climatic
● Continuously pay attention to the update Explore energy-saving ● Optimize the business portfolio of
Flood, Typhoon and Draught and the establish a diversified supplier factors, and avoid laying out new
of policies and regulations to ensure that technology innovation, high-end new chemical materials and
Emergency Response Plan for system and reduce dependence projects in high-risk areas.
the Company's operation is in line with join hands with external new energy, promote industrial
Prevention of Flood, Typhoon and on a single supplier.
the latest requirements; vigorously partners to promote upgrading, and vigorously expand Draught, carry out comprehensive ● Upgrade refrigeration equipment
promote energy saving and consumption scientific and presence in high value-added risk survey for extreme weather such ● Apply digital technology to and temperature control system to
Response strategy r in e d th u e c t fi io e n ld , a o n f d re a n c e c w el a e b ra le te e t n h e e r g d y e . ployment t c e o c o h p n e o r l a o t g io ic n a , l a nd p m r a o t d e u ri c a t l s s , s e u n c g h i n a e s e p r h in o g t o p v la o s lt t a ic ic s, and a em s fl e o rg o e d n s c a y n r d e s t p yp o h n o se o n p s la , n fo , r a m n u d l ate e vi n s h u a a n liz c a e t i s o u n p , p a l n y d c h m a o in n itor p en ro v v ir i o d n e m a e s n ta t. ble temperature
● Plan for our business in the carbon optimize the allocation of degradable plastics to meet the market organize regular emergency drills to logistics and inventory status in
trading market in advance to ensure our R&D resources to control demands for clean energy products enhance the risk response capability real time to cope with the impact ● Enhance facility design standards,
compliance during contract performance. R&D costs. and services. of employees. of natural disasters and other such as the construction of coastal
● Strengthen communication with emergencies on logistics and raw and riverine dykes, or wave walls, to
stakeholders. ● Optimize the layout of facilities, material supply. improve the disaster resilience of
enhance flood and typhoon factories and equipment to reduce
prevention designs, and reinforce ● Develop inventory management the impact of sea level rise on
Response strategy critical equipment to reduce the mechanism and establish backup operations.
impact of extreme weather on stock to ensure that production
factories and production lines. can be maintained in the event of ● Improve water resource
supply chain disruptions. management planning, optimize
● Develop distributed energy storage supply chain layout, and enhance
system, and use uninterruptible resilience to climate risks such as
power supply (UPS), emergency prolonged drought, so as to ensure
power supply, and diesel generators the stability of business operations.
to power equipment and other
electric appliances that require
uninterrupted power supply.
● Engage insurance company to
conduct insurance due diligence,
issue risk survey report and purchase
necessary commercial insurance.
Major climate-related risks and response strategies
039 040
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
The Company has developed response plans for the climate-related risks and opportunities in the short, medium and long term.
Resource efficiency Market Energy source Incentive policy
(long-term) (long-term) (long-term) (long-term)
Short term Medium term Long term
Type of Wide used more Increase R&D efforts in the With the growing Government policy encourages
opportunity energy-efficient field of low-carbon and demand for clean energy, corporate innovation. If the The Company will focus on The Company plans to The Company will focus on the transformation to a
and description equipment and buildings environmentally friendly the Company can invest Company adopts more improving energy efficiency and develop renewable energy low-carbon economy and the expansion of its presence
as well as low-carbon, technologies and launch in and develop new environmentally friendly and optimizing production processes to projects and promote in new business fields. At the same time, the Company
environmentally friendly low-carbon and energy projects (e.g. solar efficient operating methods or lower operating costs and reduce technological progress to will keep abreast of updates in policies and
green technologies. energy-saving products energy and wind energy). develops new energy-saving and carbon footprint. improve resource efficiency. technologies, and flexibly adjust its strategy to cope with
that meet environmental low-carbon production projects, the long-term challenges posed by climate change.
requirements to meet the the Company could have the
market demand. opportunity to receive
government subsidy, tax
preference and other incentive
policy support, thereby reducing The foregoing are forward-looking statements and do not represent guarantees or predictions of future performance. When developing these
operating costs and improving plans, the Company has considered a variety of uncertainties, including but not limited to economic conditions, laws and regulations, market
profitability.
dynamics, geopolitics, and climate patterns. These factors may be affected by limitations in data sources and assessment methods, as well as other
2030 Low Low Low Low unforeseen uncertainties and subjective judgments.
High
Opportunity emission 2050 Low Low Medium Medium
exposure scenarios
under 2060 Medium Medium High Medium
Risk Management
different
2030 Medium Medium Medium Medium
scenario Low
assumptions emission 2050 High High High High Rongsheng Petrochemical incorporates climate change-related risks into its comprehensive risk management system, regularly identifying and
scenarios
2060 High High High High analyzing risks to comprehensively strengthen climate risk management.
The Company determines the types of risks related to climate change with both qualitative and quantitative methods. A list of climate change risks
● Continuously refine the production process to Actively expand our Actively seek opportunities to
enhance the efficiency of resource utilization. presence in the new integrate environmentally is formed based on the Company's management processes for the identification, assessment, prioritization, response and monitoring of
energy field, increase friendly and efficient operations sustainability impacts, risks and opportunities. Then, the Company determines risk response strategies and management plans based on the risk
● Increase R&D investments, and establish cooperative
investment in the R&D of and new energy-saving and list. The Company will continuously monitor and assess the management of climate risks.
alliances with other enterprises and research institutes
clean energy low-carbon production projects
to jointly carry out climate change-related technology technologies, and explore with policy support, to obtain The Company has set up a cross-functional team consisting of environmental experts, risk analysts, financial staff, business unit representatives,
R&D, project promotion, etc. Develop new low-carbon
the development and incentives such as government etc., to draw on knowledge and experience from various disciplines to comprehensively identify climate change-related impacts, risks and
Response strategy a p n ro d t e e c n t e io rg n y r - e s q a u v i i r n e g m p e r n o t d s, u s c o ts a t s h t a o t m m e e e e t t t e h n e v i m ro a n r m ke e t n tal application of renewable subsidy and tax preference. opportunities. We perform qualitative and quantitative assessments to identify climate-related risks and opportunities following the steps set out
energy sources such as
demand and improve the competitiveness of products, below:
solar energy and wind
e.g. the release of rare-earth rubber products.
energy.
● Seize market opportunities by making strategic
investments in green industries and low-carbon
technologies with potential, such as investing in the
Qualitative Assessment Quantitative Assessment
construction of solar power stations and electric
vehicle charging facilities. Creating Risk Matrix Model Data Simulation
The Company's cross-functional team collects and collates
Major climate-related opportunities and response strategies internal climate-related data such as energy consumption We use statistical model, financial model and other
and GHG emissions, and communicates with suppliers, models to conduct data simulations and stress tests with
customers, investors, communities and other stakeholders, historical data and assumptions, and conduct quantita-
to identify potential climate-related risks and opportunities tive analysis on climate change-related impacts, to assess
from different perspectives. Based on the likelihood of the Company's financial position and operational
occurrence and the magnitude of impact of risks and performance under different climate scenarios. Examples
opportunities, the Company creates a risk and opportunity include modeling the relationship between energy
matrix. The identified risks and opportunities will be consumption and carbon emission to predict changes in
qualitatively categorized after the cross-functional team a Company's carbon costs under different climate
determines the risk coefficients through discussion. The policies; modeling production disruption losses to assess
Company assesses the probability of impacts, risks and economic losses due to extreme weather; and the extent
opportunities occurring within a certain period of time based to which the Company's profits are affected by rising
on historical data, climate model projections, industry water costs in the event of successive droughts.
experience, etc. On this basis, the Company assesses the
likelihood of occurrence of climate-related risks and
opportunities. Besides, the Company measures the severity
of the consequences of the climate-related risks and
opportunities from various aspects, such as finance,
operation and reputation.
041 042
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
Indicators and Goals
Carbon Reduction Measures
To monitor the Company's progress of climate change response actions, In 2023, the Company set up GHG emissions management goals with To accelerate the achievement of carbon reduction goals, the Company takes active part in the carbon market, lays out clean energy construction,
2022 as the base year. The Company will continue to adhere to the goals to carry out GHG emissions reduction, including: implements carbon reduction strategy action path, and continuously carries out carbon reduction measures.
Type of goal GHG management goals Progress Optimization of production processes Utilization of clean energy
Carbon peaking 2030 ZPC replaces coking unit with slurry reactor to Photovoltaic construction：
eliminate GHG generated from coking production
and decoking process, reducing 499.2 thousand In 2024, Rongsheng Petrochemical's subsidiaries
Carbon neutrality 2060 tonnes of carbon dioxide in total. Yongsheng Technology, Shengyuan Chemical Fiber,
Zhongjin Petrochemical completed PV projects. The
projects supplied a total of 24.30 million kWh of
Carbon dioxide By 2025, reduce at least 3 million tonnes of carbon dioxide emission through
electricity to the factories, reducing CO2 emissions by
emission reduction energy-saving programs.
5,683 tonnes.
Carbon emission By 2025, reduce the Company's carbon emission intensity per unit value Green electricity and green certificates：
In progress
intensity reduction of output by 5%.
In 2024，
Recycling of carbon dioxide
Carbon dioxide By 2025, recycle and reuse an additional 500 thousand tonnes of carbon dioxide. ● Yongsheng Technology purchased 14.99 million
recycle and reuse From 2026 to 2030, recycle and reuse an additional 3.65 million tonnes of carbon dioxide. ZPC has built a 200 thousand tonnes/year DMC kWh of green electricity.
(dimethyl carbonate) plant, and a plant recycling ● ZPC consumed a total of 2,098.43 million kWh of
Green electricity 200 thousand tonnes of EC (ethylene carbonate ) offshore wind power.
By 2028, complete the transaction of an additional 1,615 million kWh of green electricity.
trading scale and 240 thousand tonnes of food-grade liquid CO2 ● Zhongjin Petrochemical purchased 37.43 million
annually, to reuse CO2 in the emission gas to
kWh of green electricity, and 200 thousand green
generate products such as DMC , food-grade
Green electricity By 2025, achieve full coverage of new energy at the Company's certificates (one certificate for 1000 kWh).
liquid CO2, EC, and high-performance PC
coverage main production and operation units.
(polycarbonate ) engineering plastic .
Carbon emission allowance
fulfillment
The Company closely monitors its own carbon emission and strictly manages and accounts for the emission data. Each subsidiary develops GHG
accounting plan accordingly and forms an internal reporting mechanism. The emission data is reported to the superior government authority after
During the reporting period, Zhongjin
being reviewed by the internal leader, marking the completion of annual GHG emissions reporting and related statistics and accounting process.
Petrochemical and Niluoshan New Energy
The authority on ecology and environment will engage a third party to perform an on-site inspection at the Company. After the result is reviewed
completed carbon emission verification.
by the authority on ecology and environment at municipal and provincial levels, the external accounting is considered completed.
In 2024, the Company completed the clearance
of carbon emission fulfillment for 2023, and
carried out carbon allowance trading, selling
part of its surplus carbon allowance at the
Shanghai Environment and Energy Exchange.
043 044
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
Reducing Resource Consumption
ZPC established an industry chain for high-value utilization of CO2
Case
The Company is committed to transforming the way it utilizes resources to achieve high resource efficiency and support the nation's low-carbon
development with practical actions. The Company strictly abides by relevant laws and regulations such as the Energy Conservation Law of the
Through integration of upstream and downstream product chains and carbon recycling, ZPC applies pressure swing adsorption and
People's Republic of China and the Water Law of the People's Republic of China. We improve our resource management and production technology,
distillation purification technologies to refine all CO2 (360 thousand tonnes/year) produced by 3 sets of ethylene glycol plants. In 2024,
and promote the implementation of and innovation in resource conservation and consumption reduction from aspects such as energy conservation
a plant recycling 200 thousand tonnes of EC and 240 thousand tonnes of food-grade liquid CO2 annually was put into production.
technological transformation and alternative water resources.
The CO2 recycling plant adopts green processes to produce products such as food-grade CO2, EC, DMC, and high-performance
PC engineering plastic, which are widely used in lithium battery electrolyte, active intermediates of lubricating grease, plasticizers, etc.
With the wide application of such products, a “CO2 - EC - DMC - DPC - DPC - PC engineering plastic” industry chain integrating the
Energy Management
upstream and the downstream has been formed. This industrial chain can reduce tail gas emission from the ethylene glycol plant by
103 thousand tonnes per year. A single set of production unit on the integrated industrial chain process can produce 520 thousand
tonnes of high-performance PC resins annually, realizing the synergy. The Company continues to consolidate our energy management basis,
and has formulated policies such as the Energy Management Procedures,
the Energy Conservation Management Measures, the Special
High-Energy Consumption Equipment Management Measures and the
Interim Measures for Assessment of the Reward and Punishment on Energy
Conservation Target to clarify the responsibilities of energy management
departments at all levels, the equipment energy management and
CO2 recycled
from the ethylene monitoring methods and the assessment system. The Company improves
glycol plant energy management systems and energy management organizational
structure as per ISO 50001 energy management systems. The
subsidiaries of the Company have established an organizational structure
with the head of each subsidiary as the leader and the Technology
Ethylene oxide Department as the leading department. Each department shall execute
(EO) control according to its specialities and responsibilities, and perform
relevant work in accordance with the requirements of the energy
management system. By the end of reporting period, 29% of the
Company's operating subsidiaries obtained the ISO 50001 certification. ISO 50001 energy management system
certificate of Yisheng Dahua
The Company has established an energy consumption tracking and management mechanism. The energy management group calculates and
analyzes the energy consumption of each production unit regularly. We carry out comprehensive inspection of energy conservation and energy
ZPC “CO2 - EC-DMC-DPC-PC” industrial chain diagram review across the factory, draw energy measurement network maps and make statistics on supporting instruments of energy measurement. We
overhaul our units and eliminate abnormal energy consumption and high energy consumption, clarify the direction for improvement of energy
conservation technologies, and implement technological innovation and upgrade rather outdated processes and units. At the beginning of each
year, the Company's subsidiary sets management targets for electricity, steam, coal and other types of energy, as well as major improvement
measures and plans. Meanwhile, the effectiveness of energy conservation and consumption reduction is included in the performance appraisals of
the related departments and employees. Each subsidiary follows up the target completion progress on a monthly basis, and analyzes and rectifies
unmet goals.
045 046
Ethylene
carbonate
plant
Ethylene
carbonate
(EC)
Methanol
Dimethyl
carbonate
plant
Dimethyl
carbonate
(DMC)
Phenol
Diphenyl
carbonate
plant
Diphenyl
carbonate
(DPC)
Bisphenol A
Polycarbonate
(PC)
Polycarbonate
plant
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
Zhongjin Petrochemical's residual heat recovery project
The subsidiaries set up their Zhongjin Petrochemical takes various energy Case
energy conservation targets as conservation technology improvement measures to 7,000
the follows: save 7,000 tonnes of standard coal by 2025. tonnes
Zhongjin Petrochemical has joined hands with universities and research institutes to carry out research on low-temperature
residual heat and pressure recovery technology, which is applied in intelligent heat island project, exhaust steam recovery project,
disproportionation low-temperature heat recovery project, ORC residual heat power generation project, high and low oxygen
deaerator project, etc. The waste heat is recovered and used for heating or pressurized to produce high pressure steam.
The major types of energy consumed during the Company's production processes are electricity, steam, oil, gasoline, diesel, natural gas and coal.
We reduce energy consumption by adjusting energy structure, implementing technological transformation in energy conservation, improving
energy consumption management, and other measures.
ZPC's torch vent gas recycling project
Energy-conservation Technological Case
Transformation
ZPC has built a torch gas recovery system as a supporting facility for the Company's 40 million tonnes/year integrated
We plan to achieve goals on energy saving and consumption
refining-chemical project. The system is mainly used to recover the flammable vent gas emitted from the upstream plants under normal
reduction by optimizing process operating parameters,
production conditions. After being pressurized by compressor, the recovered gas will be delivered to the dry gas desulfurization system
modifying certain parts of the production units, and initiate
for desulfurization. After then, the gas will be put into the factory-wide fuel gas pipeline network as fuel. In 2024, the torch gas recovery
waste heat recovery and utilization projects
system recovered a total of about 500 million standard cubic meters of torch gas, saving more than RMB 270 million for the Company
Energy Structure Adjustment
and reducing the frequency of overhead torch fire. This helped the Company save energy and reduce consumption.
We are committed to progressively
lowering our dependence on
traditional fossil fuels such as coal and Improvement of Energy
optimizing our energy mix using Consumption Management
natural gas.
We continue to optimize the ZPC's ship-to-shore power supply construction project
Case
construction of the energy module of
the MES (Manufacturing Execution
System) to realize the information ZPC has promoted the use of shore power for ships docking at ports by constructing shore power supply for ships at
management of energy data. multi-purpose terminals and dry bulk terminals. The terminals are equipped with ten low-voltage socket cabinets and three sets of
ship-to-shore power supply with a system capacity of 1,000 kVA, so as to provide shore power supply for ships docking at the
ports. By providing ships with stable power supply, the shore power project can reduce their fuel consumption for docking and
logistics costs for accessing the ashore power supply system, thereby reducing GHG emissions.
ZPC's residual heat recovery for seawater desalination
Case
ZPC has constructed residual heat recovery system for the 40 million tonnes/year integrated refining-chemical project, which
produces freshwater by using low-temperature residual heat. The project improves energy efficiency and saves energy consumed
by circulating water cooling or air cooling, and provides the petrochemical plant with reliable, high-quality and cost-effective
supply of freshwater. In 2024, more than 70 million tonnes of freshwater were produced through recycling of residual heat.
Energy management measures
In 2024, China Petroleum and Chemical Industry Federation (CPCIF) released the 2023 “Top Runner”
Benchmarking Enterprise List for High Energy-consuming Products in the Petroleum and Chemical Industry, and
ZPC ranked 1st on the energy efficiency “Top Runner” list.
047 048
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
Water Management
The Company takes active measures for water conservation in production and operation to improve water consumption efficiency. All subsidiaries
ZPC's measures on water management
have established strict water resource management systems and goals. The relevant operating departments conduct refined monitoring and
Case
statistics on water consumption data, and report to the Board of Directors. We are committed to reducing water waste and increasing the rate of
water reutilization by using water-saving equipment and water reutilization technologies and effective control over key water consumption points.
We also pay attention to the water stress in all of the locations of our operation and have conducted water stress risk assessment and monitoring. ZPC has carried out a series of major energy-saving and water-saving technology renovation projects this year:
For more details, please visit Rongsheng Petrochemical Conducted Water Pressure Risk Assessment for All Operations.
● A rainwater recycling unit with a processing capacity of 800 cubic meters per hour was constructed to use treated rainwater for
firefighting water replenishment. At present, we have completed the testing of the unit, and are currently laying the pipelines for
Our production water sources vary depending on the project location and are mainly from the
replenish water between the unit and the firefighting water tank;
municipal pipeline network, seawater desalination, and rainwater collection. During project
environmental impact assessment, we examine the water supply risk at the project location ● The reclaimed water unit (phase II) was officially put into production in September 2023. The equipment is designed with a
and effectively reduce water risks by adopting methods such as establishing corresponding During the year, the alternative processing capacity of 5,000 cubic meters per hour and a water production capacity of 3,500 cubic meters per hour, and all the
water sources accounted for
emergency mechanisms and installing backup water tanks. During the operation stage, we water produced is used for water replenishment in the circulating water plant;
continue to implement the water conservation measure of “water saving at the front and 73.66% ● Two sets of exhaust steam recovery devices for deaerator have been added to the purification unit of the coal-to-gas production
water reuse at the end”, and form a water-resources-saving management system with daily facility to collect steam condensation water and transport it back to the facility for reuse.
monitoring, weekly inspection and monthly summary. The water management mainly focuses
of total water consumption.
on water consumption management, goal setting, process and equipment upgrade and In 2024, CPCIF released the 2023 “Top Runner” Benchmarking Enterprise List for Water Efficiency of Key Products in the
alternative water sources. Petroleum and Chemical Industry. ZPC was awarded the first place in the list of "Water Efficiency Leader" of the seawater
comprehensive utilization production enterprises, and seawater comprehensive utilization production enterprises using naphtha as
raw material. In addition, a ZPC employee was honored as an “Excellent Water Saving Manager of Water Efficiency ‘Top Runner’
Enterprise”.
Water Consumption Management Goal Setting
● Use MES to monitor the Company's water ● Set detailed goals related to water resources management
consumption during production, extract data for products, systems and production units, such as the
from the MES regularly to calculate water balance, consumption of circulating water, deoxidizing water,
investigate any identified imbalances. The demineralized water per unit, the replenishment rate of
responsible departments shall address the fresh water in the circulating water plant, and analyze
Yisheng Dahua's measures on water management
problems identified. progress on goal achievement on a monthly basis. By Case
2025, Rongxiang Chemical Fiber will consume no more
● Establish a water conservation management
than 1.5 tonnes of water per tonne of polyester product .
procedure that specifies the relevant manage-
Yisheng Dahua has carried out a series of major energy-saving and water-saving technology renovation projects:
ment structure, objectives, performance
Alternative Water Sources
indicators, as well as water-saving measurement
● Construction of one-step energy-saving technology renovation project for plant to streamline the process flow of the refining unit.
and statistics, and inspection and assessment.
● Each subsidiary uses alternative water sources such as The project can reduce electricity consumption by 32.8 million kWh, circulating cooling water by 28.8 million tonnes, high-pressure
desalinated seawater, rainwater, and reclaimed water, to steam by 400 thousand tonnes, and standard coal by 70 thousand tonnes every year.
Process and Equipment Upgrading
reduce the consumption of freshwater from the municipal
● Construction of mother-solid wastewater recycling and energy-saving project to use self-owned patented separation and
● For the first time in the industry, a closed-circuit pipeline network based on its own circumstances. ZPC recycling technology to treat PTA mother-liquor wastewater. The project can produce 4.8 million tonnes of product water per year,
circulating cooling water process is adopted, uses 100% desalinated seawater for production. It which will be reused by the main plant. This can save 50% of the demineralized water used in the main plant, and reduce wastewa-
which is basically drain-free compared to produced 138 million tonnes of freshwater out of 342 ter discharges by 4.8 million tonnes. Meanwhile, the project can recycle PT acid (p-toluic acid) at amount equivalent to about 2,155
traditional open-circuit circulating cooling water million tonnes of seawater, of which 46.13 million tonnes tonnes of PX (paraxylene) per year, and recover 69 tonnes of metal cobalt and manganese per year.
systems, saving about 20 million tonnes of water were produced by membrane desalination and 92.15
per year. million tonnes were produced by thermal desalination. The ● Construction of the project of efficient utilization of high-temperature condensate in the refining unit of PTA plant. Under the
freshwater produced was mainly used for circulating water project, after the high-temperature and high-pressure condensation water and the ultra-pure water heated up from the polyester
● We repair malfunctioning equipment, upgrade replenishment, desalination station replenishment, process tower are cooled down to less than 160 °C, they will be pressurized by booster pumps and then fed into the thermal
equipment with high consumption, and promptly factory-wide production, refinery air-cooling, etc. Yisheng medium furnace, so as to recycle heat and condensation water to reduce the power consumption of feed pumps. The project can
retire outdated equipment. We renovate and Dahua utilized sea water, reclaimed water and other save 25,610 tonnes of standard coal per year.
upgrade water equipment to reduce water
non-fresh-water sources to replace 70% to 80% of the
consumption. In 2024, Yisheng Dahua was awarded the title of “Water-Saving Enterprise in Dalian”.
total water consumption in the plant.
● We continue to inspect and eliminate leakage in
● We research the feasibility of replacing high-grade water
plants.
with low-grade water to further reduce the water
consumption at source.
Water management measures
049 050
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
Controlling Pollutant
Discharge
Green Office
The Company reinforces the standardized management of wastewater,
The Company advocates the green and low-carbon philosophy in daily work and life, and promotes green office plan in the workplace for our
exhaust gas, and solid waste, and pays special attention to the
employees. The Company continues to raise the awareness of our employees and suppliers regarding environmental protection and organizes
prevention and control of toxic and hazardous substances. We strictly
various special trainings to actively promote knowledge on this topic. We encourage every employee to conserve resources and minimize waste.
abide by the Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Prevention
We integrate paperless working in our daily work to reduce carbon footprint.
and Control of Atmospheric Pollution,the Law of the People’s Republic of
China on the Prevention and Control of Water Pollution, and the Law of
the People’s Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of
Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste, and other related laws and
regulations. We prioritize air pollution control, water pollution control,
and solid waste management in our environmental protection work.
We implement the control requirements of the EIA pollutant discharge
targets in accordance with the Emission Permit, strictly monitor the
discharge volume and control the total amount of pollutants. We
Applying digital means to optimize the offline
perform environmental monitoring and emergency monitoring and
approval process for logistics, vehicle entry and
management at key locations such as pollution sources, discharge
exit, etc., and reduce the communication based
outlets and plant boundaries, evaluate the effectiveness of
on the use of paper documents.
environmental control and status of pollutant discharge, and closely
Pollutant discharge control
monitor the impact of various types of emission on the environment.
Promoting green travel, arrange shuttle buses
The pollutant discharge of subsidiaries of key pollutant dischargers
for employees to commute and reduce the use
listed in the environmental protection department is detailed in the
of personal transportation.
2024 Annual Report.
Optimizing energy consumption in workplace, such as reducing the
Air Pollution Control Air pollution reduction targets
countdown before computer monitors entering sleep mode, regulating for the future
air-conditioning and lighting settings in office areas, etc.
The Company strictly manages the impact of production plants on Zhongjin By 2025, waste gas treatment will be legally
the atmosphere and practices “ultra-low emissions”. Each Petrochemical compliant and meet discharge standards, in
subsidiary has formulated the Management Regulations for accordance with the requirements of the emission
permit;
Exhaust Gas Pollution Prevention and Control and the Measures for
Utilizing ERP systems to achieve a Management of Exhaust Gas and Noise, which define the NOx emissions from waste gas will be reduced by
paperless office and encourage the use responsible departments and their responsibilities, and set 10% compared to the 2023 level.
Encouraging waste sorting to of cloud drives and cloud meetings. requirements for the prevention and control of exhaust gas
make the best use of it and Rongxiang Soot emissions are not higher than 20 mg per cubic
pollution from aspects such as pollution prevention and emission
reduce unnecessary waste. Chemical meter;
management. Through various engineering management and
technical means, we have strengthened the control of key Fiber Sulfur dioxide emissions are not higher than 50 mg
per cubic meter;
production processes and installed online monitoring system. As a
Nitrogen oxide emissions are not higher than 150
result, the indicators of major pollutants such as VOCs, sulfides,
mg per cubic meter; and VOCs emissions are not
and nitrogen oxides have been continuously improved. higher than 60 mg per cubic meter;
During the reporting period, the subsidiaries set up their air By 2025, the operation will not exceed the
Measures to build green workplaces pollution reduction targets as the follows: standards and will comply with the air pollutant
control standards of Hangzhou.
Shengyuan By 2025, Shengyuan Chemical Fiber will phase out
Chemical Fiber boilers and realize the goal of no emission of flue
gas pollutants.
Yisheng By 2025, the concentration and total amount of
Dahua industrial waste gas emissions will meet the
standards and comply with the requirements set out
in the Emission Permit.
Yisheng By 2025, air pollutant emission monitoring factors
New Materials will be in line with national standards.
051 052
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
Taking into account the different types of discharge of air pollutants, we have taken corresponding control measures for organized emission,
unorganized discharge and abnormal discharge. Yongsheng Technology's upgrade of boiler fuel with clean energy
Case
In order to reduce the impact of volatile gases on the environment, Yongsheng Technology replaced all boiler fuels with natural
Organized Equipment management﹕strengthen the operation management of environmental protection facilities for gas, and installed the natural gas boiler nitrogen oxide online automatic monitoring system to monitor pollutant emissions.
Discharge pollution sources such as power stations and heating furnaces, and use low-nitrogen burners and clean fuels to Compared to coal and oil, the use of natural gas fuel will significantly reduce emissions of pollutants such as sulfur oxides, nitrogen
ensure that the online monitoring of exhaust gas emissions meets the standards. oxides and particulate matters, thereby reducing air pollution. In 2024, Yongsheng Technology consumed more than 39 million
cubic meters of natural gas in its boilers.
Sulfide﹕adopt methods such as acid stripping tail gas washing, sodium desulfurization and solvent absorption,
and install acid gas and acid water gas lifting device and sulfur recovery device to recover acid gas and convert
it into sulphur; use deep desulfurization solvent to reduce the H2S concentration in the exhaust gas, and install
an alkali washing tower before the exhaust gas incinerator to prevent abnormal working conditions; and use
desulfurized dry gas in heating furnaces to ensure that the emissions meet the petroleum refining standards.
Nitrogen oxides﹕adopt advanced denitration technologies such as selective catalytic reduction (SCR) and UOP Zhongjin Petrochemical's air remediation projects
ultra-low nitrogen burners, and equip the thermal medium furnace with SNCR denitrification device, to Case
effectively control nitrogen oxide emissions.
VOCs﹕VOCs generated by the production unit are collected in an enclosed chamber and then incinerated and Taking 2024 as the year of overhaul, Zhongjin Petrochemical carried out a series of air remediation projects when the whole factory
disposed of in the heating furnace, cracking furnace waste gas incinerator, waste water incinerator, RTO, etc. to was shut down for overhaul.
minimize VOCs emissions; use hydrogen-added gas from low pressure separator as fuel of incinerators to Replacing the ultra-low nitrogen burners to reduce the nitrogen oxide concentration of the flue gas exhausted by heating furnace to
prevent that exhaust gas carries VOCs due to incomplete combustion of fuel; boiler flue gas with VOCs will be about 45 mg per cubic meter;
collected and treated before being discharged through the exhaust pipe.
Paint the CCR four-in-one heating furnaces to improve heat transfer efficiency and reduce fuel consumption and pollutant emissions;
Soot﹕adopt wet electric dust removal, cloth bag dust removal, tube beam dust removal and other technologies,
and adopting combustion control air supply system with theoretical ratio for aromatics fractionation heating furnace to improve
and install micron-level dry mist dust suppression and other devices, to effectively reduce soot emissions and
thermal efficiency by reducing nitrogen oxide emissions by more than 25%.
ensure air quality.
Water Pollution Control
Unorganized Deodorization device﹕install deodorization devices for acidic water storage tanks and sewage storage tanks
Discharge that are prone to giving off odor; and seal up the air flotation and A/O tanks at the wastewater treatment plant
The Company attaches importance to sewage treatment and strives to
to collect exhaust gas, so as to reduce the impact of odor on surrounding environment.
minimize the impact of wastewater from its operations on the surrounding
Regular maintenance﹕regularly conduct leak detection and repair on the valves, pipelines, pumps, and other environment. Each subsidiary has formulated the Measures for Sewage
Water pollution control
utilities as required, improve operation and management level, and prevent leakage. Management that defines the various indicators for wastewater discharge
targets for the future
Monitoring and treatment﹕establish an information management system to monitor the real-time data of each according to national standards. It also clarifies the responsibilities of
device online, identify abnormal emissions and leaks in a timely manner, and control gas leakage at the source. relevant departments in the management of wastewater pollution Zhongjin Wastewater is treated in
Set up atmosphere monitoring superstation and monitor the air quality of the surrounding environment to prevention, recycling, classification, treatment and discharge. Petrochemical compliance with laws and
regulations; and the total amount
identify air quality anomaly and act promptly. The wastewater from the Company mainly includes desulfurized of pollutant discharged is
VOCs﹕take effective sealing and collection measures for the major processes that dissipate VOCs and give off wastewater of power station, salt-containing wastewater, sulfur-containing controlled within the scope of the
odor to ensure that the exhaust gas is discharged up to the standard after treatment. Discharge after dilution is wastewater, ammonia-containing wastewater, oily wastewater, clean discharge permit approved by the
environmental protection
prohibited. drainage, and domestic sewage. Each of our subsidiaries has set up department.
supporting sewage treatment facilities and operates them in line with the
Wastewater COD, ammonia and
principle of “shunting clean water from sewage, shunting rainwater from
nitrogen emissions are 10% lower
sewage, shunting different types of sewage from each other, and treating
than the amount permitted by the
based on their properties” to control wastewater discharge. The special Emission Permit.
Abnormal Ground torch: burn the waste gas discharged under abnormal working conditions. process liquid or wastewater with high pollutant concentration from the
production unit is pretreated in the unit to reach the control standard,
Discharge
Acid gas torch﹕alkaline wash the abnormally discharged hydrogen sulfide gas before burning it.
before being transported to the sewage treatment plant for further
Mobile monitoring vehicles﹕carry out pollution investigation and monitoring, emergency monitoring and treatment. In addition, the Company closely monitors the pH value,
dynamic monitoring of abnormal emissions to guarantee the timely detection and effective handling of chemical oxygen demand (COD), total nitrogen, total phosphorus, and Yisheng By the end of 2025, the COD
density of discharged wastewater
abnormal situations. other indicators of the incoming and outgoing water of each stage of New
will be reduced from 60mg/m³ to
wastewater treatment in strict accordance with the relevant state Materials 50mg/m³.
requirements to ensure that the discharge meets the standards.
During the reporting period, the subsidiaries set up their water pollution
reduction targets as the follows:
053 054
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
The Company treats waste in strict accordance with the principles of “reduction, utilization, and neutralization”. We prioritize waste recycling and
reuse, and non-recyclable waste is classified and disposed of based on its level of hazard. Hazardous waste is treated in accordance with national
Zhongjin Petrochemical's treatment and reuse of sewage
Case regulations through closed-loop processes, and we arranged specialized training for employees responsible for managing the storage and
transportation of hazardous waste. General solid waste is first sorted, then disposed accordingly.
Zhongjin Petrochemical adopts a multi-stage treatment process to complete the treatment and reuse of electro-desalination
sewage in its integrated refining-chemical project, realizing efficient purification and resource recycling. The electro-desalination
sewage in the plant is delivered to the salt-containing system of the sewage treatment plant to undergo degreasing and air
flotation to remove organic pollutants through microbial degradation.
In the deep treatment stage, the sewage firstly undergoes air flotation and multi-media filtration. After then, ozone catalytic
Hazardous Waste General Solid Waste
oxidation technology is applied to deeply treat refractory organics. At last, the water will be deeply purified through the ultrafiltra-
tion (UF) and reverse osmosis (RO) desalination system. The purified water from sewage treatment is reused in production tank to
meet the production water demand, while the concentrated water is discharged for subsequent treatment.
Hazardous waste mainly comes from raw materials and General solid waste is mainly divided into domestic waste,
In addition, sewage containing sulfur, ammonia and benzene is subject to acid water gas stripping treatment, and then reused in by-products in the production process. industrial waste without residual value, and industrial
the circulating water plant after degreasing, air flotation, A/O biochemical and MBR membrane treatment, which effectively reduces waste with residual value.
pollutant discharges and realizes efficient recycling of water resources.
Reduction at the source: reduce the generation of Domestic waste: regularly transferred to the domestic
In 2024, Zhongjin Petrochemical treated and reused 2.9 million tonnes of wastewater. hazardous waste from the source as much as possible waste landfill by special vehicles arranged by the
through the application of advanced process. engineering departments.
Outsourced for disposal: entrust the hazardous waste Industrial waste with no residual value: handed over to
that cannot be further utilized to the qualified third the qualified industrial waste handling entity for disposal.
party for disposal. Industrial waste with residual value: sold to the external
by the sourcing department for comprehensive
utilization (for example, gypsum and scrap metal).
Waste Management
The company continuously optimizes the comprehensive management process for solid waste and has established relevant regulations such as
the Administrative Measures for Solid Waste. It has also established a hazardous waste management ledger and environmental management Waste management approaches
platform. Each of our plants has set up a dedicated waste management department, which is responsible for coordinating the daily management
and data collection of all sorts of wastes. Moreover, each subsidiary sets annual waste management goals through performance and management
assessments, aiming to control waste generation at the source.
Resource utilization of waste at ZPC
Case
The subsidiaries set up their waste
management targets as the follows: ZPC embraces the principle of hazardous waste resource utilization. The company processes eliminated and decommissioned UPS
lead-acid batteries from electrical centers through specialized recycling. Lead and other metals are extracted and reprocessed into
During the reporting period
lead ingots, which are then reinstalled in vehicles such as buses to replace new batteries. Annually, ZPC recycles 150 waste UPS
Waste management targets for the future
lead-acid batteries. This effectively decreases the demand for virgin lead resources and reduces the potential risks of environmental
pollution caused by used batteries.
ZPC Hazardous waste landfill rate is planned to be lower
the Company set up a hazardous waste Additionally, ZPC collaborates with leading domestic environmental enterprises to apply regeneration technology for catalysts used
than 5% by 2025.
reduction target: in flue gas denitrification. This technology employs high-temperature heating and chemical separation to extract and reuse
Taking 2023 as the base year, the valuable metals from spent catalysts. In 2024, ZPC successfully regenerated and reused 1,500 tonnes of catalysts, which contribut-
Company's hazardous waste intensity per Zhongjin Target for 2025: the waste is disposed of in ed to the reduction and reuse of hazardous waste and reduced the operating cost of ZPC.
Petrochemical compliance with laws and regulations.
RMB 100 million of output will decline by
20%
by 2030. Yisheng By 2025, COD concentration decreases by 15% over
New Materials 2024 (from 60 mg/L to 50 mg/L).
Yisheng In accordance with Yisheng Dahua's goals of
Dahua compliant treatment, the solid waste generated by
Yisheng Dahua is entrusted to qualified organizations
for treatment in compliance with laws.
055 056
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
Seizing Clean Technology Opportunities
Alternative energy sources and technologies Sustainable use of water resources
The Company regards the development of clean energy-related businesses as one of its core pillars. We actively identify and seek out the risks and Photovoltaic project deployment: Yongsheng ZPC's promotion of seawater desalination project: One of ZPC's
opportunities brought about by climate change. Efforts are focused on developing alternative energy sources and technologies to mitigate climate Technology commissioned a 7.2 MW photovoltaic seawater desalination projects - 100 thousand tonnes/day
change. We keep searching new areas like sustainable use of water resources and reducing the use of source water. We are actively engaged in project in 2024, complementing its existing 17.6 MW membrane desalination system, addressed the issue of limited
discussions with multiple new energy enterprises to explore new collaboration opportunities in clean technology, thereby increasing our natural distributed rooftop photovoltaic systems. Rongsheng freshwater resources in its island location. The seawater
capital through the energy revolution. To accelerate renewable energy capacity, the Company plans to achieve 100% coverage of new energy Energy intends to construct a 60 MWp rooftop desalination project development team adopts a site-specific
projects across its Zhejiang-based facilities by 2025, with a total installed capacity of 100 MW, supported by increased investments and grid photovoltaic plant in ZPC Plant. The project is expected approach and utilizes an overhead design to fully utilize vertical
integration capabilities. to be operational in 2025, and will reduce carbon space and maximize freshwater production within the constraints
dioxide emissions by 38 thousand tonnes per year. of limited production area. With the technical experience gained
from the first phase of the project, the company has successfully
ZPC 10 MW/20 MWh energy storage system: ZPC developed and put into operation a large-scale seawater reverse
deployed two energy storage systems (5 MW/10 MWh osmosis unit with a daily production capacity of 35,280 tonnes.
each) in 2024, totaling 10 MW/20 MWh. The battery
energy storage system charges during off-peak hours Prevention and control of pollution
using surplus transformer capacity and discharges
during peak hours. This not only avoids the use of fossil Rare earth rubber production technology: ZPC has developed a
fuel energy when there is a shortage of electricity during production facility for rare earth rubber products, using n-hexane
peak hours but also saves a portion of the electricity as the solvent, where butadiene undergoes continuous directional
costs during those hours. The system is also equipped polymerization in the polymerization reactor, and the rubber
with independent fire protection, temperature control, solution is then coagulated and processed to obtain rare earth
lighting, video surveillance, and other systems to ensure butadiene rubber products. The rare earth rubber production
safe and reliable operation, with projected annual facility reduces VOC generation through optimization of auxiliary
revenue RMB 900 thousand per year. agent selection, production process parameter control, and
equipment selection, such as adopting a four-reactor coagulation
Yisheng Dahua's multiple uses of self-produced
biogas: Yisheng Dahua utilizes the biogas generated
system during the stripping stage to reduce n-hexane residue in
the rubber, and all exhaust gases during the post-processing
from the wastewater treatment of its comprehensive
stage are directed to a regenerative thermal oxidation furnace for
utilization facility. A portion of the biogas replaces
treatment, collectively reducing VOC emissions. Simultaneously,
methanol in the crude oil hydrogenation process. The
the rare earth rubber production utilizes rare earth catalysts to
generated hydrogen serves as feedstock for the main
precisely control the polymerization reaction, which while
unit's hydrogenation reactor. Another portion of the
improving product performance, reduces by-products and
biogas is sent to the reactive treatment oxidizing (RTO)
decreases catalyst residue pollution, achieving both economic
unit as combustion gas, while the excess biogas is used
benefits and environmental advantages, and enhancing the
as fuel in the thermal medium furnace, reducing the
market competitiveness of the company's products.
consumption of coal fuel. Through this method, Yisheng
Dahua can save 4,000 tonnes of coal annually and
rPET physical recycling project: Hainan Yisheng optimized the
reduce approximately 8,000 tonnes of carbon dioxide
product structure, introduced advanced manufacture techniques,
emissions.
and has put into operation 50,000 tonnes/year rPET physical
recycling production capacity. Hainan Yisheng's post-consumer
rPET produced through a physical recycling process can be used
to produce 100% recycled PET containers for food contact if the
conditions of use are met and has received certification from the
US Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
In the future, the Company will continue to expand renewable energy power trading including wind power, photovoltaic,
hydropower, continue to explore trading partners, promote the allocation of green power resources of the Company on a larger
scale, and optimize the new power trading strategy combining traditional power and green power to escort the sustainable
development of the Company.
057 058
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
Main Environmental Performance Indicators1
During the reporting period, the main environmental performance indicators of Rongsheng Petrochemical are as follows:
Issue Category Indicator Unit 2023 2024 Issue Category Indicator Unit 2023 2024
Sulfur dioxide (SO2) emissions tonne 623 559 Reused water tonne 34,160,412 43,771,996
Water consumption
Nitrogen oxide (NOX) emissions tonne 6,245 5,609 Resource use Other sources tonne 7,080,908 7,013,886
Exhaust gas
Particulate matter emissions tonne 234 190 Packaging material Consumption of packaging tonne 49,795 48,049
consumption materials
Volatile organic compounds
(VOCs) emissions tonne 7,561 7,643 Scope 1 GHG emissions tonne of CO2 25,287,836 26,410,900
equivalents
Total wastewater discharge tonne 33,666,402 29,253,664
Emissions Scope 2 GHG emissions
tonne of CO2
3,772,401 2,983,004
equivalents
Wastewater Chemical oxygen demand (COD) tonne 1,543 1,516 Greenhouse
discharge
gas (GHG) 3 Total amount of GHG emissions to eq nn u e iv a o l f e C n O ts 2 29,060,237 29,393,904
Ammonia nitrogen discharge tonne 11 16 emissions
tonne of CO2
Hazardous waste tonne 412,380 336,989 equivalents per
GHG emissions intensity 1 0.9
RMB 10,000 of
Hazardous waste intensity tonne per RMB 0.01 0.01 revenue
10,000 of revenue
Waste Non-hazardous waste tonne 844,850 1,081,789 Environmental protection investment RMB 10,000 65,957 27,273
onne per RMB
Non-hazardous waste intensity 10,000 of revenue 0.03 0.03 Hours of environmental hour 59,241 80,137
protection training
Recycled and disposed waste tonne 860,810 446,663
Environmental Sessions of environmental
time 661 457
Coal tonne 5,797,497 5,544,020 protection training protection training
Environmental Participation in environmental
Direct energy Gasoline tonne 9 6 management protection training person 30,843 22,278
consumption
Diesel fuel tonne 1,289 1,174
Proportion of pollutant discharge up to the standard % 100 100
2
Oil tonne 43,704,505 44,027,725
Proportion of noise controlled up to the standard % 100 100
Self-generated photovoltaic kWh / 9,870,831 Proportion of environmental facilities in operation % 100 100
power generation
Purchased electricity kWh 11,686,353 9,881,046 Number of major environmental pollution accident case 0 0
Indirect energy
consumption
Purchased green electricity MWh / 52,427,340
1 The statistical scope of environmental performance indicators covers main operation and production units, including Ningbo Zhongjin Petrochemical Co.,
Ltd., Zhejiang Petroleum & Chemical Co., Ltd., Yisheng Dahua Petrochemical Co., Ltd., Zhejiang Yisheng New Materials Co., Ltd., Zhejiang Shengyuan
Purchased steam GJ 303,206 468,589 Chemical Fiber Co., Ltd., Rongxiang Chemical Fiber Co., Ltd., Zhejiang Yongsheng Technology Co., Ltd., Rongsheng New Materials (Zhoushan) Co., Ltd.,
Rongsheng Petrochemical (Singapore) Pte. Ltd., and Rongsheng International Trading Co., Ltd.
Comprehensive energy tonne of standard 10,465,704 9,225,475 2 Oil is the Company's main production raw material.
consumption coal
Comprehensive
3 The calculation of greenhouse gas emissions data is based on the consolidated financial statements, and is calculated and aggregated based on the
energy consumption tonne of standard
Resource use Comprehensive energy shareholding ratio of each subsidiary enterprise.
coal per RMB 0.32 0.28
consumption intensity
10,000 of revenue
4. Scope 1 GHG emissions refer to the sum of direct greenhouse gas emissions generated by Rongsheng Petrochemical Co., Ltd. and its holding companies
Total water consumption tonne 189,915,691 189,875,843 through fuel combustion emissions, process emissions, torch combustion emissions in 2024, minus the amount of greenhouse gas recycling collected and
utilized in the production process, with reference to the Guide to Accounting Methods and Reporting of Greenhouse Gas Emissions by China's Petrochemical
tonne per RMB Companies (Trial), and is calculated and aggregated based on the shareholding ratio of each holding enterprise.
Water consumption intensity 6 6
10,000 of revenue
5. Scope 2 GHG emissions refer to the sum of indirect greenhouse gas emissions generated by Rongsheng Petrochemical Co., Ltd. and its holding
Desalination tonne 139,456,606 139,866,896 companies through net purchases of electricity and net purchases of heat in 2024, with reference to the Guide to Accounting Methods and Reporting of
Water consumption Greenhouse Gas Emissions by China's Petrochemical Companies (Trial) and the Notice on Conducting the Work Related to the Management of Greenhouse Gas
Emission Reporting for Enterprises in the Power Generation Sector in 2023-2025, and is calculated and aggregated based on the shareholding ratio of each
Municipal water system tonne 43,061,283 42,393,981
holding enterprise.
Underground water tonne 0 0 6 The emission data are all derived from environmental monitoring and management conducted in accordance with laws, regulations, standards, and norms.
Surface water tonne 316,894 601,080
059 060
Creating Momentum by
Reinforcing Quality and Safety
With the spirit of craftsmanship, we ensure strict quality control, stay attuned to
customer and market trends, and enforce rigorous product and service quality
management. We strive to increase production efficiency through innovative
technology. Additionally, we actively protect intellectual property rights, manage
chemical products, and continually enhance our core competitiveness, thus
generating greater value for the industry and the Company.
061 062
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
Guarding Work Safety
The Company emphasizes safety and health achievements in the department and employee performance appraisals and implements them with a
combination of rewards and penalties. Every month, the Company implements a safety performance evaluation mechanism that imposes
disciplinary actions on personnel who fail to meet safety obligations while granting awards to departments and individuals who demonstrate
Rongsheng Petrochemical upholds the development principle of “safety first, people-oriented,
excellence in safety practices.
and environmental protection first” . It excels in risk prevention and proactive forecasting,
continuously strengthens the “red line awareness” for safe production, promotes the 2024 721.13 The Company organizes employees to sign the Work Safety Responsibility Statement to strictly assure their primary responsibility in their position
construction of long-term mechanism for safe production, strictly implements the allocation of to ensure work safety. In case of safety accidents, we will take disciplinary actions or levy economic penalties against relevant department heads
Safety
based on the accident grade in accordance with internal policies, including the Accident (Incident) Management Procedures, and the Management
major responsibilities regarding safe production, focuses on the identification of various hidden
investment million RMB Procedures for Reward and Punishment for Work Safety, and incorporate accident details into the appraisal results of relevant departments. We will
dangers in production activities, and comprehensively improves the level of safe production
also follow up the results of accident handling and the rectification of related problems to ensure that such accidents do not repeat.
management.
Risk Management of Work Safety ZPC implements ERM evaluation to strengthen safety & risk governance
Case
The Company abides by relevant state and local laws and regulations, including the Work Safety Law of the People's Republic of China and the
ZPC has significantly enhanced corporate-wide safety governance through the implementation of a comprehensive Enterprise Risk
Work Safety Regulations of Zhejiang Province. We have developed and improved a number of internal work safety rules and operational
Management (ERM) evaluation framework. This framework encompasses several critical domains: incident control, safety
procedures, including the Management Regulations on Work Safety and Environmental Protection, the Work Safety Responsibility System and the
management, occupational health management, fire safety management, contractor management, and integrated safety coordination,
Hazard Identification and Risk Grading Control Procedures. We have been working to standardize the work safety management in all subsidiaries with binding reward-penalty clauses. Monthly data is aggregated and uploaded to the ERM appraisal module, ensuring audit-ready
and have established an effective work safety management system. During the reporting period, no work-related fatality occurred in the Company transparency and process standardization. At the end of the year, the ERM evaluation results are integrated into our comprehensive
and its subsidiaries. assessment framework, constituting 20% weighting in employees' annual performance metrics. This approach incentivizes
departmental safety accountability compliance and advances sustainable development.
Adhering to the work safety management principles of “all employees participate, prevention comes first, safety and health is the foundation and
continuous improvement is a must” as well as “the person in charge takes the responsibility,” the Company signs the Annual Safety and
Environmental Protection Target Responsibility Statement the with each of its subsidiaries and the Work Safety Responsibility Letter with its
employees to strengthen the work safety responsibility system and awareness among all staff.
Emergency Management
The HSE management group or the Work Safety The HSE management group or
Committee is responsible for: department is responsible for: The Company establishes an emergency management system and
develops emergency response plans for key procedures. In the event of any
production safety incident, Rongsheng Petrochemical and its subsidiaries
Setting annual safety objectives and managing assessment plans; Implementing tasks arranged by the leading group; will strictly adhere to national laws and regulations, including the
Regulations on Reporting, Investigation and Handling of Production Safety
Building and improving the framework of work safety system; Appointing safety staff by team for the safety management
at grassroots level. Accidents (State Council Decree No. 493) and the Provisions on Penalties for
Formulating the Company's contingency plans for safety and environmental
Production Safety Accidents(Ministry of Emergency Management Order No.
incidents, and ensuring the implementation of emergency drills;
14), as well as internal policies such as the Incident Management
Improving the supervision and inspection systems for safety and environmental Regulations (Q/RK G08 005-2022) of Rongsheng Holding Group. Upon
protection;
occurrence of an incident, we will promptly report to local government
Inspecting safety hazards and implementation of precautionary measures; authorities and internal specialized management departments. At the same
Conducting regular safety and environmental meetings to review and analyze the time, we will immediately activate emergency response procedures, and
production safety status, and drawing lessons from recent safety incidents. swiftly implement effective measures to control and eliminate the impact of
the incident, ensure personnel safety, and minimize property losses. Upon
completion of the emergency response, we will establish an investigation
team based on the accident category and direct economic losses. Within
the specified time frame, we will comprehensively implement the “four key
steps” principle: completing accident cause analysis, formulating preventive
measures, conducting safety education and training, and implementing
Safety Inspection and Appraisal No major fires, explosions, significant production safety accidents, disciplinary actions against responsible personnel. We perform emergency
major equipment accidents, major occupational disease hazards, drills together with relevant departments every year, and rectify the
major environmental pollution incidents, leaks of hazardous chemicals problems found, so as to continuously improve the comprehensive Yisheng Dahua emergency drill
During the reporting period, each subsidiary formulated
or major health and safety violations; emergency response of the Company.
work safety objectives and achieved them through the
Special equipment annual inspection and regular inspection pass
effective operation of the work safety system and the
rates reached 100%;
implementation of work safety management measures. During the reporting period
The achievements include the following: The rate of hazard rectification reached 100%;
the Company performed performed safety Employee Work-related Employee Work Safety Liability
The Company has established a dedicated safety supervision team to conduct continuous safety inspections across all production areas, including safety emergency drills emergency drills Injury Insurance Investment Insurance Investment
daily inspections, special inspections, and random spot checks, covering all production processes. Issues identified are subject to closed-loop 2,262 45,761 10.97 1.07
million million
rectification. Additionally, third-party consulting service providers are engaged to perform on-site monitoring and verify the implementation of times participants RMB RMB
safety measures.
063 064
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
Emphasizing Occupational Health
Zhongjin Petrochemical conducts emergency drill for leakage and fire incident
Case
Attaching great importance to employees' physical and mental health, the Company strictly abides by laws and regulations such as the Work
Safety Law of the People's Republic of China, the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases, the
In June 2024, Zhongjin Petrochemical conducted an emergency Regulations on Labor Protection in Workplaces Where Toxic Substances Are Used, and the Regulations on Occupational Health in the Workplace.
drill simulating a naphtha tank leakage and fire accident. The drill Additionally, the Company has established internal policies, such as the Occupational Health Examination Management Measures, the Occupational
covered various scenarios including alarm activation, rescue Hazard Warning and Notification Management Measures, the Occupational Health Management Procedures, the Occupational Health Risk
operations, self-rescue using fixed firefighting systems, process Identification and Assessment Management Procedures, and the Employee Physical Examination Implementation Rules. These policies outline
control measures, dispatch of professional firefighting teams for requirements for employee occupational health examinations, detection of workplace hazard factors, and other related matters. By continuously
dilution and isolation fire suppression, reinforcement by external refining internal occupational health and safety systems, the Company is committed to safeguarding employees' health and safety through a
firefighting forces, containment of dike-contained flowing fires, multi-faceted approach.
and coordinated full-scale actions to extinguish fires on the tank
In 2024, Zhongjin Petrochemical successfully renewed its occupational health and safety management system certificate, while ZPC obtained an
roof. This exercise tested the capabilities of relevant departments
expanded-scope occupational health and safety management system certificate from Beijing Sanxing (BSC) 9000 Certification Body Co., Ltd. All of
in emergency response under major leakage and fire incidents,
our subsidiaries in operation have obtained ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety Management System certificate.
evaluated the feasibility of emergency plans and specialized
plans, and enhanced the company's overall emergency rescue
proficiency in crisis scenarios.
职业健康安全管理体系认证证书
注册号：0350222S30316R2M
兹 证 明
浙江永盛科技有限公司
Safety Culture Development 注册地 统 址 一 ： 社 浙 会 江 信 省 用 绍 代 兴 码 市 ： 柯 9 桥 13 区 30 滨 62 海 1M 工 A2 业 88 区 7D 镜 L53 海 大道
管 理 体 系 符 合
GB/T 45001-2020 / ISO 45001:2018 标准
该管理体系适用于
双向拉伸聚酯薄膜（许可要求内）的设计、生产和服务以及膜级
聚酯切片生产和服务（涉及场所：浙江省绍兴市柯桥区滨海工业区镜
The Company has developed the Management Rules for the Implementation of Safety Training and Education and training plans and launched 海大道1号）***
s
m
a
e
fe
a
t
s
y
u
t
r
r
e
a
s
i
,
n
s
in
a
g
fe
a
ty
c t
a
iv
n
i
d
ti e
e
s
n
c
v
o
ir
v
o
e
n
r
m
in
e
g
n
a
t
ll
k
e
n
m
ow
p
l
l
e
o
d
ye
g
e
e
s
f
.
o
T
r
h
f
i
r
s
e
y
s
e
h
a
m
r,
a
w
n,
e
fi
d
rs
e
t
v
a
e
i
l
d
o
,
p
a
e
n
d
d
s
o
p
t
e
h
c
e
ia
r
l
k
t
n
ra
o
i
w
ni
l
n
e
g
d g
c
e
o u
fo
rs
r
e
o
s
u
o
r
n
e m
oc
p
c
l
u
o
p
y
a
e
t
e
i
s
o
,
n
w
a
h
l h
ic
a
h
z a
e
r
n
d
ri c
fa
h
c
e
t
d
o r
o
s
u
a
r
n
s
d
a f
p
e
r
t
o
y
t
a
e
n
ct
d
iv e 颁
有
证
效
日
期
期
最
：
长
2
可
02
至
2
：
年
2
1
0
1
2
月
5 年
3日
10 月 30日注
（
兴
北京
原
市海
认
淀区
证
上地
中
三街
心
9号
有
嘉华
限
大厦
公
C座
司
7层）
h
a
sa
d
e
f
a
d
e
l
i
t
t
t
y
h
io
b
t
n
r
e
,
a
h
w
in
a
e
i
v
n
i
c
g
o
o
r
c
n
s
o
d
o
n
u
f
t
c
e
a
t
n
l
e
l
t
d
e
s
m
.
s
W
a
p
f
l
e
e
o
t
y
a
y
e
l s
c
e
o
o
s ,
m
i n
c
v
p
re
i
e
t
a
e
te
t
d
i
n
n
p
c
g
r
e
o
a
a
f
s
e
n
a
s
d
f
s
e
i
a
o
t
b
y
n
i
a
c
lit
l
u
y
fi
l t
r
a
u
e
s
r
fi
s
e
g
e
a
s
h
n
s
t
m
i
d
n g
e
v
n
a
a
t
lu
u
,
e
e
th
s
x
o
p
s
r
a
y
it
s
n
i
t
e
d
e
s
e
m
t
d
o
t
t
h
t
h
r
a
e
a
t
i
n
n
in
u
o
t
m
e
u
g
b
r
r
e
e
a
r
m
t e
o
p
f
k
l o
e
n
m
y
o
e
w
p
e
l
l
s
e
o
d
y
o
m
g
n
e
e
fi
n
a
re
t
n
s
fi
d
g
w
a
h
i
c
t
t
h
i
t
n
i o
c
g
n
e
a
.
rt
n
ifi
d
c
s
a
a
te
fe
s
t
,
y
a
k
n
n
d
o
r
w
eg
le
u
d
la
g
t
e
e
.
d
In
t he
Occupational health and safety management system certificates granted to the Company and some subsidiaries
During the reporting period
461,045 101,705 The Company regularly monitors and evaluates occupational disease hazards, organizes occupational health examinations for employees, and
Number of hours Number of
establishes occupational health files for them. Zhongjin Petrochemical has established an Occupational Health Management Leading Group and
of safety training hours participations of safety
appointed full-time occupational health management personnel. The company engages third-party agencies to conduct occupational hazard
conducted training conducted participations
status evaluation once every three years, and perform annual monitoring and assessment of occupational hazard factors. For employees who are
exposed to occupational disease hazards, the company provides them with pre-job, on-the-job, and off-the-job physical examinations for
occupational disease.
During the reporting period
Safety skills competition at ZPC
Case
100% 100%
Proportion of employees Proportion of employees
ZPC organized a safety skills competition to enhance employees' safety awareness and emergency response capabilities. Through who received occupational with occupational health files
safety knowledge quizzes, safety supervision skill contests, first-aid operations (CPR+AED), and emergency response drills, the physical examination
competition assessed employees' theoretical knowledge and practical skills in respect of processes and equipment. Besides, by
simulating fire-involved operation, first-aid operation and other scenarios, the competition comprehensively tested employees'
safety skills and teamwork abilities.
065 066
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
Chemical Safety Management
Policy Support Hazard Identification
Our subsidiaries have developed management We conduct annual hazard factor detection and Chemical Management Policies
plans concerning occupational disease monthly routine monitoring in the workplace,
prevention and control based on their business and promptly inform the operation positions of
The Company is committed to promoting responsible and sustainable chemical management throughout the product life cycle. The Company
practices and potential risks, including the the test results to create a favorable workplace
strictly complies with the Regulations on the Safety Administration of Hazardous Chemicals, the Regulation on the Administration of Precursor
Planning Procedures for Hazard Source and Risk for employees.
Chemicals, the Safety Code for Special Operations in Hazardous Chemical Enterprise, and other relevant national laws and regulations and has
Assessment and Control and the Summary for
developed internal policies such as the Chemical Management Policy, the Management Regulations for the Safety Technology Instructions and Safety
Hazard Source Identification, Risk Assessment, and
Labels of Chemicals, and the Management Regulations for Hazardous Chemicals Storage, clearly regulating the safety management of research,
Control Planning.
production, distribution, storage, use, transportation, disposal and other handling processes of chemicals. We also apply for or renew our
registration certificates and safe production licenses for hazardous chemical products according to the procedures prescribed by the state. For
specific policies on chemical management, please refer to: Rongsheng Petrochemical Strengthens Chemical Management by Following the
Labor Protective Equipment Medical Assurance Established Rules.
We distribute personal protective equipment as We have optimized the Company's medical
required and supervise and inspect whether they assistance system, prepared emergency first aid Chemical Registration and Use
are used properly. Moreover, we have emergency supplies and contracted with hospitals for
protective equipment on demand and regularly medical services for work-related injury, to
The Company conducts a comprehensive survey of all hazardous chemicals in accordance with laws and regulations such as the M easures for the
check their effectiveness. ensure the medical assistance to employees.
Registration and Management of Hazardous Chemicals and the Regulations on the Safety Management of Hazardous Chemicals, establishes
hazardous chemical management records, registers with the local work safety supervision and management departments where it operates,
continuously develops and improves safety operating procedures for the production, use, storage, distribution, and transportation of hazardous
Occupational Health Files Occupation Health Training chemicals, and accepts supervision and inspections conducted by work safety supervision and management departments in accordance with the
law. For other chemicals, the Company also carries out identification and assessment work in compliance with laws and regulations, establishes
We carry out pre-job, on-the-job, off-the-job, We organize awareness week campaigns on management records, implements compliance management, and ensures the safety of personnel, property, and the environment.
and emergency physical examinations for occupational disease prevention and control
The Company, in accordance with the Administrative Measures for Chemical Safety Data Sheets and Safety Labels, has developed Chemical Safety
employees exposed to occupational hazards, and law, and carry out occupational health training
Data Sheets (SDS) for all products and intermediate products, and updates them regularly. These SDS cover the uses, physical and chemical
establish relevant files to monitor their health for all employees and contractors to enhance
properties, impacts on health and the environment, usage procedures, risk management measures, regulatory information, and classification and
status in real time. their protection awareness and skills.
labeling information of the chemicals. When developing the SDS, the company fully takes into account the requirements of international laws,
regulations, and systems such as the United Nations Globally Harmonized System of Classification and Labelling of Chemicals, International Code for
Measures for occupational health management the Construction and Equipment of Ships Carrying Liquefied Gases in Bulk, International Maritime Solid Bulk Cargoes Code, and International Maritime
Dangerous Goods Code to ensure that customers are provided with comprehensive and effective chemical safety information. We have disclosed
the SDS of our products on the company's official website, which can be viewed at Rongsheng Petrochemical Chemical Products Use and Regulatory
Requirements.
ZPC assists employees in self-management of chronic diseases The Company conducts a “Chemical Safety Status Assessment”
Case
every three years for all chemicals used, performs chemical
identification of their types and hazards, and develops a related
management ledger. We engage qualified third-party institute to
In July 2024, ZPC launched initiatives to promote healthy lifestyles among employees. These included professional training on
prepare Material Safety Data Sheets (SDS) for all of our products
self-management of chronic non-infectious diseases, the issuance of the Initiative on Self-Management of Health, and the
and intermediates and publish the SDS on the national
establishment of 15 “10,000 Steps Challenge” support groups for chronic disease intervention. These efforts targeted employees
“Comprehensive Registration Service System for Hazardous
with five key health indicators: hypertension, hyperlipidemia, hyperglycemia, hyperuricemia, and overweight. By the end of the
Chemicals” and the big data platform for the prevention and
reporting period, after six months of health management, 257 employees showed significant health improvements.
control of hazardous chemical risks in the regions where our
In December 2024, ZPC launched a WeChat official account titled “Be the First Responsible Person for Your Health”, featuring 15 subsidiaries are located. We request SDS from suppliers for all raw
health management columns covering dietary management, mental management, exercise management, sleep management, materials and 3 chemical agents (catalysts, solvents and additives)
smoking/alcohol cessation, and more, to provide targeted employees with resources for self-management of health. used by the Company. The SDS of all our subsidiaries are available
on our website, please refer to: Rongsheng Petrochemical Chemical
Products Use and Regulatory Requirements.
Rongsheng Petrochemical Chemical Products Use
and Regulatory Requirements.
067 068
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
Hazard Assessment and Hierarchical Management and Control of Chemicals
This year, the Company has carried out the following work:
The Company strictly adheres to state and local chemical catalogue, such as the Catalogue of the Work Safety Technology and Equipment of
Outdated Hazardous Chemicals to Be Eliminated (First Batch), and the List of Strictly Restricted Toxic Chemicals in China. We strengthen chemical Zhongjin Petrochemical has replaced sodium tripolyphosphate with low-phosphorus boiler water conditioners, ensuring the
control to ensure that our production and business activities do not involve chemicals that are explicitly prohibited, required to be eliminated, or qualification of all indicators while reducing total phosphorus emissions.
replaced by the state. Currently, none of the chemicals used by the Company involve substances on the national restricted list.
ZPC has replaced the highly toxic coking inhibitor dimethyl disulfide with environmentally friendly dibutyl polysulfide, reducing the
In light of the Globally Harmonized System of Classification and Labelling of Chemicals (GHS), Manual of Tests and Criteria, Catalogue of Hazardous usage of dimethyl disulfide by approximately 2,000 tons annually. It has also replaced the highly toxic diesel cracking catalyst
Chemicals, and other relevant regulations, the Company regularly conducts risk identification and hazard assessment for hazardous chemicals in its triethylamine with liquid ammonia, reducing the usage of triethylamine by approximately 15 cubic meters annually, thereby reducing
products, as well as for chemical raw materials and reagents used in laboratories. The Company implements risk grading control and hidden danger environmental and health impacts.
investigation and management, sets up storage facilities that meet the required conditions, provides safety education for relevant employees, and
ZPC's polycarbonate products are produced using the clean and environmentally friendly non-phosgene melt ester interchange
engages qualified third parties to issue appraisal reports. It actively identifies and addresses risks associated with the storage, production, use,
method, which features full enclosure, no by-products, and virtually no pollution, fundamentally eliminating the use of the toxic
disposal, and transportation of chemicals. Additionally, the Company regularly reports information on hazardous chemicals to government
phosgene raw material.
regulatory platforms for supervision.
In the future, we will continue to carry out screening and assessment of restricted chemicals for all chemicals to reduce the impendence
In addition, the Company is committed to bringing safer materials, products, and technologies to the market and closely monitors the use of on materials that would have negative impact on environment or health being, and if it involves the use of nationally restricted chemicals,
Substances of Very High Concern (SVHC). In 2024, Yongsheng Technology completed RoHS, REACH, and FDA compliance testing for its products we will immediately stop using them and look for alternative low-impact chemicals.
and refined its chemical list. ZPC established lists on restricted substances and substances of very high concern as per RoHS and REACH regulations.
Products potentially containing such substances were sent for professional RoHS and SVHC testing, with all sampled batches meeting regulatory
standards.
The Company conducts life cycle assessments (LCA) for each stage of the product life cycle to identify substances that may pose risks to the
environment and human health. It comprehensively evaluates the feasibility of alternatives, formulates phase-out plans, gradually implements
substitution work, and monitors and assesses the effects after substitution. Chemical Leakage Accident Handling and Prevention
The Company has developed the Special Emergency Plan for Leakage of
Hazardous Chemicals. In response to potential leakage of hazardous
chemical that are highly toxic, flammable, or explosive, we have established
corresponding emergency plans. These plans clearly specify our emergency
organization network and the responsibilities and response procedures of all
departments under emergency response at all levels. We regularly organize
chemical reagent leakage response training and chemical emergency drills,
so as to strengthen employees’ awareness of hazardous chemical risk. For
chemical management personnel, the Company posts “Card of Reminders
for Hazardous Chemicals”, and requires them to wear labor protective
equipment properly and master emergency response skills. We also provide
safety management training and drills to enhance employees’ knowledge of
chemical safety and reduce the risk of chemical spills.
ZPC hazardous chemicals signs
During the reporting period, no major chemical leakage incident or other
safety incidents occurred in the Company.
Zhongjin Petrochemical conducts chemical safety management training
Case
In 2024, to further enhance employees' awareness and response capabilities regarding chemical hazards and ensure the safety of
chemicals in procurement, storage, usage, transportation, and waste disposal, Zhongjin Petrochemical conducted several specialized
training sessions on chemical safety management via its online learning platform. These sessions included topics such as “one
document and one label and risk control”, “hazard identification and risk screening”, and “hazardous chemicals storage management
(warehouse management)”. Each training session attracted over 800 participants.
069 070
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
Safety Management of Contractors Strengthening R&D Innovation
Adhering to the principle of “safety first, prevention prevails”, the Company requires contractors to comply with relevant national laws and
The Company practices the innovation-driven development strategy, steadily advances the construction of the innovation system and mechanism,
regulations on work safety and corporate regulations such as the Safety Management Measures for Outsourcing Construction, the HSE Management
and gains strategic insights into the development trend of the industry in a forward-looking mindset. We improve our ability to innovate
Protocol for Contractors, the Management Systems for Contractors, and the Safety and Environmental Protection Assessment Rules for Contractors.
independently and conduct technological R&D to achieve a high level of independence. We spark the innovation enthusiasm and unleash the
Meanwhile, the Company conducts qualification reviews on contractors and incorporates them into our safety management throughout the lifecycle
potential of our employees, incubate the new momentum of doing scientific research, further boost and vitalize new quality productive forces.
from contract signing to project acceptance. The Company requires contractors to promptly rectify construction safety issues raised by the
Company, accept the Company's assessment or punishment, and strive to prevent and reduce safety accident.
Moreover, the Company has further strengthened contractor management measures. Contractors' project managers are required to submit safety Innovation Mechanism and
commitments before work commences, committing to the implementation of on-site safety measures. These commitment documents are publicly
displayed. Additionally, the Company mandates the placement of inspection QR codes at all worksites. Project managers from contractors and Application of Innovation Achievements
project management units, as well as other professional management personnel at various levels, must conduct safety inspections at varying
frequencies and scan the QR codes to digitally log compliance records. This system effectively enforces safety responsibilities across all management
The R&D center is responsible for work planning, construction of policies and evaluation system, application of patents and awards and others. The
levels and safeguards operational safety.
subsidiaries are responsible for the implementation of R&D projects. This year, we established the Dongjiang Innovation Center, a research platform,
to coordinate and manage our research work. We have formulated the High-quality Innovation Management Regulations (For Trial Implementation).
2
1 And our subsidiaries also launched supporting innovation management mechanisms and measures, standardizing the application and reward of
We review the safety qualifications of
We sign the relevant HSE agreements scientific and technological achievements. The subsidiary sets special funds for innovation each year. We categorize innovation projects according
contractors and verify their business licenses,
with our contractors before construction, to their difficulty and yields, and provide financial support of different amounts to them. Employees’ contribution to innovation will be used as one
qualification certificates, and work safety
including the Contractor's Safety of the criteria for appraisal, promotion, and position transfer.
licenses and other qualifications. Furthermore,
Commitment, the Incoming Construction
we conduct systematic evaluation on our
contractor's HSE management system. Safety Accountabilitu Letter, and the During the reporting period
Proiect HSE Assurance Contract.
3 R&D 5,101.48 million R&D 3,842
investment RMB professionals persons
We assign dedicated safety engineers to Before construction, we conduct safety review for personnel,
conduct on-site inspections and evaluations, tools and equipment, ensure that contractors sign the Safety
and issue rectification notices for problems Education Record, and provide safety education and training
4 identified, We terminate relationships with for contractor's management personnel and operators.
contractors who have serious violations and Contractor's personnel are allowed to enter the site only
The Company adheres to the two-wheel driven scientific and technological
refuse to rectify them. after obtaining the training certificate.
research and development model of “independent innovation” and “open
cooperation”. We have built a first-class research and development
platform such as a high-tech research and development center, an
5
academician expert workstation, an enterprise technology center, and a
postdoctoral research workstation. At the same time, we actively carry out
We regularly organize contractors We evaluate the contractor's performance online
foreign technical exchanges and discussions, promote the integration of
to carry out emergency drills for through ERP system. We hold regular HSE
industry, academia and research cooperation, integrate the resources of
high-risk operations. meetings for contractors. We will inquire, educate,
universities, society, enterprises and other parties, work together to
or punish contractors who are accountable for
improve the level of scientific research, promote technological progress,
accidents or commit serious violations or repeated
and jointly create an open, healthy, win-win innovation ecology.
violations.
6 Contractor safety management process
ZPC strengthens emergency management system for contractors
Case
In 2024, ZPC focused on the engineering and construction phase, requiring contractors to improve emergency plans, stockpile
emergency materials, and conduct emergency drills. Throughout the year, leveraging key dates such as the work safety month
(June) and the 11.9 (November. 9th) fire safety day, the company organized a total of 27 emergency drills for contractors, simulating
scenarios like material leaks, fire emergencies, falls from heights, and scaffolding collapses. These drills validated the feasibility and First-class R&D platforms established by Rongsheng Petrochemical
effectiveness of the emergency management system, enhanced contractors' emergency response and resolution capabilities, and
reinforced safety lines for construction and operational activities.
071 072
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
As a member of the National Chemical Fiber Industry Standardization Committee, we have led and participated in the formulation of a number of Enhancing Quality Management
product industry standards. To facilitate the application of innovation achievements, we have strengthened our achievement application mecha-
nism, the feasibility study and selection and evaluation of scientific research project to identify promising research projects, actively supporting the
industrialized project productions with promising futures. Some of the research and innovation achievements of the subsidiaries for 2024:
The Company strictly abides by laws and regulations such as the Law of the People's Republic of China on Product Quality, the Interim Measures for
the Administration of Supervisory Spot Checks on Product Quality, and the Provisions on the Supervision and Administration of the Fulfillment of
Primary Quality and Safety Responsibilities by Manufacturers of Industrial Products. At the group level, we have developed several quality
The research project “Key Technologies and Equipment for Energy Zhongjin Petrochemical collaborates with Tongji University to
Conservation and Consumption Reduction in High-Carbon develop a new catalyst and supporting process through management policies, including the Product Quality Risk Management Measures, the Quality Management Measures for Ex-factory Products and the
Industries”, jointly developed by Zhongjin Petrochemical with industry-academia-research synergy, significantly improving the Quality Management Regulations on Production Processes. Our all-round quality control with high standards and strict requirements covers the
Zhejiang University and Hangzhou Dalu Industrial Co., Ltd., has purity and stability of isopentane. The achievement enables entire production process from raw and auxiliary materials entering the factory, through intermediate production process management, to product
been successfully approved as a Zhejiang Provincial Leading Project continuous stable operation for 2,000 hours, meeting the solvent delivery, packaging, and transportation.
for Leading Goose Program. requirements for high-performance resin materials. The
breakthrough addresses technical challenges related to low olefin The Company strictly implements our product standards, continuously strengthens our quality control standards against benchmark products in the
ZPC led the project “Research on Direct Depolymerization of and moisture content in isopentane, enhances product economic industry and carries out production according to superior product indicators. We have set critical quality control nodes at the product design, raw
Waste Plastics to Chemicals”. The team has completed the benefits, and strengthens market competitiveness. material procurement and production stages. We develop new products and new processes according to market demands and set strict quality
design and synthesis of catalysts for plastic depolymerization,
evaluation standards for raw material procurement, follow the principle of “Five never letting go”4 in production and improve internal quality
independently developed a molecular sieve catalyst and ZPC has successfully addressed the three major challenges in
monitoring and testing mechanisms for more effective quality control in the process. We ensure our product quality by adopting quantitative
constructed a continuous waste plastic depolymerization industrializing photovoltaic-grade EVA resin: high VA content,
experimental facility. Process optimization tests demonstrated high melt index, and complex operational conditions. The resin assessment methods and setting up key indicators including the rate of qualified incoming raw materials, the rate of qualified semi-finished exports,
that waste polyolefin plastics can be efficiently converted into exhibits superior light transmittance, UV resistance, and the rate of qualified outgoing products, and the rate of quality complaints. We actively collect suggestions and feedbacks from our customers.
high-value chemicals via catalytic depolymerization, achieving a hygrothermal yellowing resistance, meeting the stringent optical During the reporting period, the Company did not experience any major quality liability accidents related to products and services. Zhongjin
recycling rate exceeding 90%. This technology significantly and durability requirements for photovoltaic module films. The Petrochemical completed the re-certification of the GB/T 19001-2016/ISO 9001:2015 quality management system, with 14 products including
reduces plastic waste pollution and maximizes resource company's photovoltaic-grade EVA resin has been adopted by petroleum benzene obtaining the quality management system certification. Yongsheng Technology obtained the ISO 9001/14001/45001 integrated
utilization. The project is currently in the laboratory research leading photovoltaic film manufacturers, achieving import management system certification and the QS production license certification. Rongxiang Chemical Fiber obtained the ISO 9001:2015/ISO
phase. Upon actual operation, the project is expected to substitution.
14001:2015 certification. Yisheng Dahua obtained the ISO 9001 certification.
generate additional annual output value of RMB 3 million.
Protection of Intellectual Property Rights
The Company strictly abides by the Patent Law of the People's Republic of China, the Trademark Law of the People's Republic of China, the
Copyright Law of the People's Republic of China and other laws and regulations. We have developed and implemented internal policies, including
the Intellectual Property Management Regulations, the Intellectual Property Management Measures, the Polyester R&D Project Management
Measures and the Patents Management Measures. By conscientiously managing the application, confidentiality and protection of intellectual
property rights, we ensure the effectiveness of our policies on intellectual property rights.
We prioritize the protection of our own intellectual property rights and also emphasize the lawful and compliant use of others' intellectual property
rights. For intellectual property rights protection, we implement a classified management system for confidential information. New employees are
required to sign the Confidentiality Agreement upon onboarding, while departing employees are subject to a confidentiality clearance process.
Additionally, non-compete agreements are in place with our core management and technical staff when necessary. We actively conduct
intellectual property rights registration, filing, and rights confirmation procedures, enter into technology licensing or transfer contracts, and duly
pay the licensing fees to ensure lawful utilization of third-party intellectual properties. The Company prudently utilizes third-party patents, strictly
implements employee confidentiality management obligations, and rigorously controls the disclosure of others' trade secrets to third parties. We
also provide intellectual property rights protection training to employees, and constantly enhance employees' intellectual property protection
awareness, ensuring that our intellectual property rights are not violated while respecting and avoiding infringement of others' intellectual
property rights.
During the reporting period
Material intellectual Invention Utility Model
0 124 67 57
property rights Patent Patent Patent
infringement case applications pieces Applications pieces Applications pieces
Quality management system certificates granted to the Company and some subsidiaries
394 81 Authorized 26 Authorized 55
Valid Authorized Invention Utility Model
patents pieces patents pieces Patents pieces Patents pieces 4 “Five never letting go”: The accident handling process will not end until the cause of the accident is clear, the responsible person is dealt with, the rectification measures are
implemented, the responsible person and other employees are educated and the claim is settled.
073 074
Working Together in
Harmony for Common Progress
Rongsheng Petrochemical adheres to the development philosophy of
people-oriented and win-win cooperation. We actively respond to the expectations
of internal and external stakeholders to foster shared growth across all parties. The
Company prioritizes employee value, providing comprehensive support for career
development to achieve mutual advancement between the organization and our
workforce. Regarding supply chain management, we are committed to building
high-quality partnerships with enterprises in our supply chain, driving efficient and
sustainable production and operations, and delivering better products and services to
our customers. Meanwhile, the Company actively engages in social public welfare
initiatives and supports the development of surrounding communities, striving to
foster harmonious corporate-community relations.
075 076
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
Protecting Employees' Rights and Interests
Remuneration and Benefits
Recruitment and Employment
The Company has developed and improved the Rules for Implementation of Remuneration Accounting and Payment and the Rules for
Implementation of Employees' Insurance Management and other remuneration and benefit regulations. The Company duly pays employee wages,
We strictly abide by the Labor Law of the People's Republic of China, the Labor Contract Law of the People's Republic of China, the Regulations on makes mandatory social insurance contributions, and distributes annual performance-based bonuses in accordance with the Company's
Work-related Injury Insurances, the Provisions on the Prohibition of Using Child Labor, and the Regulation on the Employment of Persons with performance evaluation framework. The Company conducts annual peer compensation assessment and research, making every effort to provide
Disabilities and other related laws and regulations. We have developed internal rules and regulations in this regard, including the Recruitment employees with competitive remuneration and benefits, so as to enhance the Company's attractiveness and retain talents. In addition to statutory
Management Measures, the Human Resources Management Regulations, and the Recruitment Handbook, which are subject to continuous benefits such as “five insurances and one housing fund” and holidays, we provide a diversified combination of benefits and subsidies to enhance
improvement and updating. They standardize the management of recruitment requirements, recruitment channels, recruitment processes, talent employees' sense of happiness and satisfaction based on the Employee Welfare Measures and other policies. During the reporting period, we
evaluation, and others to safeguard the equal employment and the legitimate interests of employees. purchased commercial insurance for all employees and their children.
The Company complies with the Labor Law of the People's Republic of China and other relevant regulations in recruitment. We adhere to open
recruitment processes and standards, ensure that the recruitment information is true and accurate, and strictly keep the privacy information of job Expenditure on 3.34 Expenditure on 12.62
company-funded million holiday gifts for million
applicants confidential, safeguarding their rights and interests. We maintain a strict zero-tolerance attitude towards child labor and forced labor.
physical examination RMB employees RMB
We clearly state that no one under the age of 16 shall be recruited, and firmly forbid and reject all types of forced labor. We treat employees of
different nationalities, ethnicities, races, genders, religious beliefs and cultural backgrounds equally. We provide auxiliary jobs for the disabled to
meet their employment needs. We are committed to providing our employees a healthy and equal workplace, resolutely rejecting any sort of
employment discrimination and harassment, and ensuring that employee interests are not violated. In 2024, the Company had no violations in
terms of employee hiring.
Health We provide physical examinations for employees and deliver mental
health lectures.
Communications We subsidize employees' communication costs.
During the reporting period
Leaves We provide adequate leaves for female employees during
pregnancy, maternity, and breastfeeding, as well as paternity leave
19,077 100% 100% for male employees;
Total number of Social insurance Proportion of
employees coverage employees signing We provide employees with holiday allowances and gifts.
persons labor contracts
Transportation We provide shuttle bus and other services for employees.
14,868 4,209 Education We set up a reading room.
Number of Number of
We invest in schools for the children of non-local employees.
male employees persons female employees persons
Canteen and We provide free work meals and meal subsidies for employees；
dormitory We construct employee apartments and staff buildings, and
provide rental subsidy and interest-free loan for house purchase.
Number of 4,984 Number of 12,183 Number of 1,910
Caring We provide high-temperature allowance to employees and visit
employees aged employees aged employees aged
families in difficulties.
30 and below persons 31 to 50 persons 51 and above persons
Types of benefits for Rongsheng Petrochemical employees
School-enterprise cooperation empowers innovation
Case
The Company creates a school-enterprise cooperation model with top universities to achieve systematic talent cultivation and
promote the collaboration between industries, universities, and research institutes. In 2024, we hosted corporate internships for
students from Zhejiang University, East China University of Science and Technology, and other institutions, aiming to identify and
Zhongjin Petrochemical extends heartfelt cares to
cultivate talents with innovative mindsets and practical competencies. This initiative bridges the gap between academic theory and
Case frontline employees working in high temperatures
real-world application, enabling students to enhance their employability through hands-on experience while exploring tailored
career development pathways.
To enhance summer labor protection and heatstroke prevention for employees, the
labor union of Zhongjin Petrochemical visited frontline workers during the peak heat
period in 2024. They reminded employees to take necessary safety precautions in
extreme weather conditions and distributed cooling beverages and fruits to ensure
their well-being.
077 078
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
Employee Communication
“Rongsheng Learning and Testing Platform” was launched
Case
The Company strives to build equal, diverse, and smooth communication channels for
employees. The Company has established a labor union and holds the employee
representative meeting annually to discuss about employees' concerns and collect their In 2024, “Rongsheng Learning and Testing Platform” was officially launched. The platform integrates teaching, assessment, and
opinions and demands. This enables the participation of employees, and therefore management functions. It stores tens of thousands of courses and can support up to 5,000 users for simultaneous online learning,
ensures democratic decision-making. We have built a bridge between employees and thus enhancing the training efficiency. “Rongsheng Learning and Testing Platform” was a tailored platform developed by the
management through the 900123 employee hotline, online employee communication Information Department of Rongsheng Holding to meet the Company's training needs. It has saved expenses associated with
group, satisfaction survey and other communication channels, which enables us to third-party development and operation and maintenance, and reduced the costs for training course development and training
address employees' issues and help them solve problems in a timely manner. management.
Talent Development
The Company values the personal development of its employees, and has established a robust career development system to evaluate the work Rongsheng Petrochemical won multiple vocational skills awards
Case
performance of employees in a scientific and fair manner. The Company has formulated several career development and appraisal documents,
including the Appraisal Measurements for Management and Technical Personnel and the Job Appraisal Instructions for Front-line Employees. The
direct leaders of each department conduct the regular appraisal and annual appraisal to evaluate the performance of employees comprehensively In 2024, the subsidiaries of Rongsheng Petrochemical endeavored to improve the skills of their employees,
and reasonably. The high-performing employees are rewarded shortly after the appraisal. and received several honors:
ZPC Refining and Aromatics Division, Normal Reduced Pressure Operation Department, Class A was awarded the honorary title of
The Company divides the employees into the categories of profession and management, and provides them with appropriate career paths based
“National Workers' Pioneer in 2024”.
on their capabilities, to maximize their strengths. On one hand, the career path of profession is further divided into the categories of engineering
technology and functional support. On the other hand, corresponding management positions are arranged in the management career path to Two ZPC employees were awarded the honorary title of “Zhejiang Craftsman”.
support profession positions, to realize the collaborated management across different career paths. Within the two career paths (management +
ZPC employees participated in the Zhejiang Provincial Vocational Skills Competition for Instrument and Meter Assembly and
profession), the Company adjusts employees' promotion every year based on business operation and employee appraisal to provide them with
Adjustment Workers, and won the first group prize and the second individual prize.
more diversified growth opportunities. The Company selects employees for some positions through internal recruitment, providing them with
Zhongjin Petrochemical employees participated in the Zhejiang Province Competition of the Console Operators of Chemical
more opportunities for growth and development. The internal recruitment process includes resume screening, professional ability test,
Production, and won the third individual prize and the third group prize.
comprehensive quality interview, background check, and public announcement of the employment results. These steps ensure the suitability of
employees for the positions and the fairness and transparency of the selection process. Zhongjin Petrochemical employees participated in the Zhejiang Province Chemical Inspector Competition, and won the second
individual prize.
In order to improve the professional competitiveness of employees, promote their career development and enhance the core competitiveness of
the Company, the Company and its subsidiaries have applied for and obtained the qualification for independent certification of vocational skills.
The certificates of vocational qualifications issued by the Company are widely recognized by all positions of the petrochemical and chemical fiber
industries in China. Therefore, employees' skills are obviously improved, which lays a solid foundation for the sustainable development of the
Company. We provide training to employees according to the business development needs of each sector of the Company. In 2024, the Company
focused on building a “Point-Based Training System for Pre-Job Qualification Certification” . Based on the requirements of junior positions in each
subsidiary, and leveraging both internal and external resources, the Company developed 2,693 courses and corresponding question banks for 818
junior positions, covering multiple professional fields, with training coverage reaching 100% of employees . The training system provides employees
with more targeted learning opportunities, which was tailored to fit the job qualification requirements, relying on internal and external resources to
develop various job training course packages to reduce repeated training， helping the Company set a benchmark for training system in the
petrochemical industry.
During the reporting period
Total investment in Participations in Total number of
employee training5 employee training5 employee training sessions5
3.93 268,575 3,891 ZPC Refining and Aromatics Division, Normal Reduced Pressure Operation Department, Class A was awarded
million
the honorary title of “National Workers' Pioneer in 2024”
RMB participations
5 The Company's total investment in employee training, participants in employee training, and total number of employee training sessions in 2024
are from the statistics of Rongsheng Holding.
079 080
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
Care for Employees
Zhongjin Petrochemical held the activity of making
Case Qingtuan during the Qingming Festival
The Company has set up assistance funds to provide employees with timely assistance when they are affected by disasters, serious illnesses, and
financial difficulties. In this way, we alleviate difficulties caused by special reasons when our employees are in need. Also, the Company pays close
attention to the needs of female employees and actively provides them with support, assistance and care, aiding them in achieving their career As the Qingming Festival approached in 2024, Zhongjin
aspirations. For retired long-serving employees, we award them with customized silver coins as a token of appreciation and souvenir, in addition Petrochemical organized employees to make Qingtuan by
to the statutory employee benefits and entitlements. To create a heartwarming and harmonious enterprise, we put ourselves in the shoes of hand. Using mugwort dough, bean paste, and salted egg yolk
employees and strive to provide what they truly need. prepared in the kitchen, employees made Qingtuan with a
variety of fillings, which was quickly snapped up as soon as it
We also provide a rich variety of cultural activities for all employees. This enhances cohesion among employees, helps them relieve stress, and
was steamed. The activity brought employees closer together,
guides them to face their daily life and work with a positive and relaxed attitude. The Company organized various activities for employees in 2024:
enriched their leisure life, and enhanced their sense of
belonging.
The activity of making Qingtuan during the
Qingming Festival at Zhongjin Petrochemical
On Women's Day, the Company sent souvenirs to all
female employees to thank them for their contributions to
the development of the Company. Striving for High-Quality Services
When the heat in summer got intense, the Company
organized a series of consolation activities to send
The Company always centers on customers, continues to improve the service management system, and actively responds to their various
personal care items to employees who worked in the high
demands. We improve customer service quality and efficiency in multiple dimensions, strictly protect customer privacy and information security,
temperature.
to improve customer satisfaction.
We organize sports events such as badminton matches
and tug-of-war, and festival activities such as making
Qingtuan (sweet green rice balls) during the Qingming Customer Services
Festival and making mung bean cakes during the Dragon
Boat Festival. The Company won the honorary title of
“Official Support Unit of Games of Zhejiang Province” We are dedicated to carrying out customer management in a standardized and effective manner, and have developed customer management
measures according to our business attributes and customer characteristics, maintaining regular and close contact with customers. Rongsheng
Petrochemical has formulated the Detailed Rules for the Implementation of Price Management of Polyester Products and the Detailed Rules for the
Implementation of Rebate Management of Polyester Products to standardize product pricing methods. The Company has formulated the
After-Sales Service Management Measures to standardize the after-sales service management process and improve customer satisfaction. We
have established multi-level and diverse customer service communication channels such as communication with business representatives, field
visits, face-to-face talks, online questionnaires, telephone, WeChat and email. In this way, the Company may communicate more frequently with
its customers in detail in the event of changes in plant operations, market conditions, and other circumstances. Attaching great importance to
customer complaints and feedback, the Company strives to keep effective complaint channels, optimize the complaint mechanism, strengthen
complaint analysis to handle customers' requests in a timely manner, and actively investigate for the cause and conduct rectification. For the
problems reported by the customers, the front-line business personnel and professional technicians cooperate to ensure that the complaints are
100% handled. Meanwhile, the Company regularly conducts customer satisfaction surveys. For different customer groups who purchase various
products, we design differentiated questionnaires that cover aspects such as product quality, product delivery, service quality, and complaint
handling, in an effort to obtain customers' opinions and suggestions. The Company closely monitors and tracks the complaints and suggestions
received, and formulates measures to address them, thereby continuously improving the quality of its products and services.
Group activities
081 082
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
Sales Management Practicing Responsible Sourcing
The Company has developed sales management systems and measures such as the Marketing Management System, the Sales Management
System, the Detailed Rules for the Implementation of Price Management, the Detailed Rules for the Implementation of Control of the Sales Operation The Company is committed to establishing a responsible supply chain, enhancing the compliance management of suppliers, and optimizing the
Process and the After-Sales Service Management Measures. By implementing these systems and measures, we guide and constrain the entire sales supplier management process. We maintain an equal, mutually beneficial, close, and stable cooperative relationship with excellent suppliers, and
process. work with suppliers to create a positive, clean, transparent, and responsible supply chain ecosystem.
The Company has established an e-commerce platform consisting official website, WeChat official account and WeChat mini-program, for the The Company strictly abides by the Bidding Law of the People's Republic of China and the Regulation on the Implementation of the Bidding Law of
procurement and sales of materials. Customers can place sales orders, check relevant announcements and keep up with market information the People's Republic of China and other laws and regulations. We have established and improved internal systems and measures for tendering,
through the platform. The platform operates on the principle of competitive bidding for materials transactions and automatically matches deals sourcing, and supplier management, including the Detailed Rules for the Implementation of Tendering and Bidding Management and the
through electronic bidding, which can run in multi channels 7/24 and allow real-time monitoring. It breaks the limitations of transaction time,
Regulations on the Management of Suppliers. We continue to standardize suppliers' risk control mechanism and optimize the supplier bidding
location, and operating methods, making customer procurement more convenient, doubling the manual efficiency, achieving a 700% increase in
mechanism, supplier access system and suppliers performance evaluation mechanism, and ensure compliance in the whole process of bidding,
auction sales, and thus reducing the centralized procurement cost. In 2024, the turnover of products through the platform was about 6.656 million
sourcing, acceptance and payment, to realize the fairness, openness, and transparency of bidding and procurement, and prevent illegal sourcing.
tons, and the procurement of logistics services was about RMB 1.461 billion.
The Company places great emphasis on managing supply chain risks. We strictly adhere to the Group's procurement management system and
The Company pays close attention to product price information, strengthens market research, and promptly adjusts the sales strategy according procures materials according to the production and maintenance plan based on technical requirements. The Company, based on the procurement
to market changes to continuously meet market demands. The Company has also established well-organized files of customer credit. We pay cycle of materials, clarifies the arrival time and requisition time of the required materials for planned requisition, so as to prevent supply disruption
attention to changes in customer credit and take effective measures to manage and control customer credit risks. To make overall improvement in
caused by materials shortages during production. In addition, the Company actively promotes the “substitution of domestic materials for imported
the ability of our sales personnel, we organize sales personnel to carry out workshop internships for them to understand the performance of
materials”. We seek out high-quality domestic suppliers to conduct trials and usage of domestic materials, thereby reducing the risk of monopoly
product equipment, usage scenarios, production processes and other details on site, so that they could better introduce products to customers. In
by foreign materials suppliers.
addition, the Company conducts various forms of training for sales personnel to enhance their professional ability and business ethics, such as
orientation training, and integrity and self-discipline training.
Review and Access
IT Construction
The Company has formulated a strict supplier access process, based on which, the information of suppliers, including supplier performance, quality
management, work safety, environmental protection and contract performance, is reviewed thoroughly to ensure the product and service quality of
The Company actively promotes IT construction and enhances the awareness of information security and confidentiality in accordance with the IT
suppliers. The Company takes environmental protection as an essential consideration for the selection of suppliers and learns about the suppliers'
Management Regulations, the Management Measures for Office IT Systems, the IT Emergency Response Plan, the Backup and Recovery
performance on fulfilling their responsibility in environmental protection. The Company does not partner with suppliers with a history of major
Management Plan, the Management Specification for Malicious Code Prevention, the Management Specification for System Security and other
internal policies. We carry out the security management of computer equipment, data, system operation and IT system access authority, customer environmental pollution penalty and prioritizes the suppliers with better environmental performance.
privacy protection, and other work, and standardize IT emergency responses, with an attempt to continuously improve our ability to protect
The Company has newly revised the Regulations on the Management of Suppliers to detail the supplier access and management process: the Company has
information security. To safeguard customer privacy data, we have implemented a range of measures, including the deployment of network
categorized the supplier access criteria as general and special criteria according to the applicability of related business, and performs qualification checking
security devices, encrypted data transmission, and timely detection and patching of vulnerabilities, to ensure data security. In addition, we have
and verification for new suppliers requesting for joining the supplier database. All suppliers will be categorized into the blacklist, graylist and whitelist
established a sound data backup system and regularly conduct data recovery drills.
according to the results of qualification review and transaction evaluation.
The Company offers mandatory courses on Network Security Training for new employees, arranges tests for employees in positions related to
information security management, and requires relevant employees and software service providers to sign the Confidentiality Agreement. We also To address the corruption related to suppliers, the Company signs the Letter of Integrity Responsibility and Commitment with suppliers and adds a clause on
enter into cybersecurity service contracts with external cybersecurity service providers to fully ensure information security. the prohibition of commercial bribery, which clearly requires both parties to strictly abide by the anti-commercial bribery laws. The Letter prohibits
commercial bribery in contract discussion, negotiation, signing, fulfilment and other processes, and clearly lists the reporting channels and handling
In 2024, the Company did not experience any information security incidents, or any incidents of customer privacy leakage.
departments.
Entity of the
Reporting the incident
incident
Assessment and Evaluation
Emergency Emergency Not initiating the Lifting the
initiation emergency plan Emergency
leading group NO The Company conducts the supplier evaluation at least once a year, which covers topics such as delivery quality, delivery time or progress, after-sales
service, and HSE. The evaluation results are classified into four levels from high to low: A, B, C, and D, based on which three types of supplier lists, namely
YES（at Level Ⅲ and above)
the blacklist, the graylist, and the whitelist, are formed. For blacklisted suppliers, the Company will terminate business with them. For grey listed suppliers,
Emergency reception
of the report YES the Company will put forward rectification requirements or set cooperation restrictions. The Company's contracts with suppliers include requirements on
Emergency business ethics, environmental protection, and safety. We urge suppliers to comply with and implement such requirements, and incorporate related aspects
leading group Emergency into the follow-up evaluations of suppliers. The Company regularly publishes a list of untrustworthy suppliers and refuses to cooperate with them.
office NO（not at Level Ⅲ or above) initiation
Not initiating the emergency plan
Communication and Assistance
Emergency
Resumption
handling
Through telephone calls, video conferences, on-site inspections and other methods, the Company maintains a good communication with its suppliers in
YES order to understand the price trend of their upstream raw materials, as well as their shutdown and overhaul plan, sales direction and changes in sales
Emergency Controlling Emergency
the situation concluded volume. By doing so, we can forecast the subsequent trend of procurement prices and update the procurement plan, and make targeted improvement
working group
suggestions for suppliers based on our use of their products. When necessary, we actively provide relevant technical guidance or training to suppliers.
NO
Expanding The Company provides assistance for suppliers by strengthening the support and promotion of agricultural products from local and poverty-stricken areas.
Emergency
We give priority to local tea, pottery, and silk products in purchasing and offer product trials to local suppliers. After passing the trial, they will be invited to
participate in the Company's bidding.
Process of IT emergency response
083 084
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
Building a Better Community
Education Assistance Rural Revitalization
Rongsheng Education Reward Fund has been in operation We carried out the enterprise-village/town pairing activities and
The Company advocates for public welfare, actively organizes charity donations and shares
for 22 consecutive years. In 2024, the Company issued an donated RMB 200 thousand to the Eshan She Ethnic Township
development achievements with the society. The Company mainly focuses on school-enterprise
education reward fund of RMB 1.5 million, which meant that in Tonglu, Hangzhou City, for the rural revitalization action.
cooperation, education assistance, medical assistance, support-oriented procurement, poverty
Rural Revitalization the accumulative amount of the fund reached RMB 17.28
relief and care for disadvantaged groups and encourages employees to participate in various We organized Party members and cadres to provide paired
Investment Amount million, and a total of 5,085 outstanding teachers and
volunteering activities, including blood donation and on-site visits. The employees carry forward assistance to children in the mountainous areas of Liupanshui,
the volunteering spirit and continue to promote the healthy development of public welfare 1.75 million students were rewarded. Guizhou. Over the past 7 years, we have helped approximately
undertakings and the community, and actively spread civilized and harmonious social trends. In RMB We launched the Xingzhi Academy (Xingzhi Class, Xingzhi 30 children.
2024, Zhejiang Federation of Industry and Commerce awarded Rongsheng Petrochemical the Students) scholarship program, which is themed on
We purchased agricultural products such as rice, edible oil, and
title of “Top 100 Zhejiang Private Enterprises in Social Responsibility for 2023” . We also received “Practicing with Diligence and Studying Hard to Realize
pomegranates from Liangshan Yi Autonomous Prefecture in
honors such as the “Demonstration Unit for the Construction of Clean Private Enterprises in Dreams”, and donated RMB 500 thousand.
Sichuan as ingredients for our canteen and seasonal benefits
Hangzhou” , “Demonstration Unit for Favorable Business Environment with Business Prosperity
We donated RMB 800 thousand to the “Supporting for employees. The total procurement amount in 2024 reached
Through Honest and Clean Practices” , “Advanced Unit for Voluntary Blood Donation in Xiaoshan
Students in Chasing Dreams” scholarship program for 100 RMB 533,620.
District for the Year”, and the “Yangtze River Delta Charity Star” of the third selection activity.
underprivileged university students.
We donated RMB 20 thousand to Xiaolong Village, Chatian
We invested RMB 200 million to establish the “ZPC Daishan Town, Longquan City, to address livelihood issues, including
Education Fund”. education.
During the reporting period
Medical Assistance Care for Police Community
17.30 845
Public welfare million Duration of
donation RMB volunteer activities hours We have established the “Health Care Fund for Yinong”. We We donated RMB 800 thousand to show our care for the
use the fund to hire provincial, municipal and district medical police officers and auxiliary police officers on the front line.
specialists from various disciplines to provide year-round
We established the “Police Care Fund” and donated RMB 500
medical care in the town at various periods, and support
thousand in 2024.
local health centers to increase the number of ambulances
to serve local residents and assist families or individuals hit We donated RMB 1.3 million to the Daishan County Police
by serious illnesses in Yinong. In 2024, we donated RMB 1.5 Association for purposes of consolation, relief, and culture
million to the Health Care Fund for Yinong. building.
We donated RMB 1 million to the “Rongsheng Health Care
Fund for Tibetans” program to help Sichuan and Tibetan
families in need of surgical treatment.
Volunteer blood donation by Rongsheng Petrochemical employees
Case
The Company has been running programs for voluntary blood donation for nearly 20 consecutive years, and employees from all
departments have taken active part in the programs. This year, 100 qualified volunteers from the Company and its subsidiaries such
as Zhongjin Petrochemical donated over 27,700 mL of blood in total. In April 2024, the Company received the honorary plaque of
2023 Outstanding Enterprise of Voluntary Blood Donation in Xiaoshan District.
“Rongsheng Health Care Fund for Tibetans” program
Case
To help Tibetan disadvantaged families in Tibet and Sichuan and contribute to the East-West medical collaboration, the Company
signed a three-party agreement with Charity Federation of Xiaoshan District and Xiaoshan Hospital of Traditional Chinese Medicine
in 2022. From 2022 to 2024, we donated RMB 3 million to the charity federation. Meanwhile, we established the “Rongsheng Health
Care Fund for Tibetans” program to provide assistance to patients in need of surgical treatment.
Public welfare activities in the community
085 086
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
Future Prospects ISO System Certification Statistics of the Company
With robust momentum for growth and unremitting efforts, we are well-prepared to overcome challenges and achieve breakthroughs. Looking ahead to
2025, Rongsheng Petrochemical will unwaveringly follow the guideline of high-quality development and embark on a new journey towards the ISO 50001 ISO 14001 ISO 45001
development of new quality productive forces. While upholding the principle of integrity, the Company will continuously improve the quality of its products Company's Name (Energy Management (Environmental Management (Occupational Health & Safety
System Certification) System Certification) Management System Certification)
and services, actively explore new areas of innovation, and increase investment in scientific and technological research and development. Amidst the wave
of green, digital and intelligent transformation, we will continue to deepen our advantage in refining-petrochemical integration, further optimize our
industrial chain layout, and fully promote technological innovation and industrial upgrading. As one of the enterprises from the pillar industries of the Rongsheng Petrochemical Co., Ltd. √ √
national economy, we will maintain a strong sense of responsibility and commitment and fulfill our social responsibilities. We will also repay the
shareholders and investors with practical actions and contribute to sustainable economic and social development. We are set to foster extensive Zhejiang Petroleum & Chemical Co., Ltd. √ √
partnerships and unite with all stakeholders. With concerted efforts, we can contribute more to the prosperity and progress of the industry. Together, we
will compose a magnificent chapter in 2025. Ningbo Zhongjin Petrochemical Co., Ltd. √ √ √
Yisheng Dahua Petrochemical Co., Ltd. √ √ √
Zhejiang Yisheng New Materials Co., Ltd. √ √
Zhejiang Shengyuan Chemical Fiber Co., Ltd. √ √
Zhejiang Yongsheng Technology Co., Ltd. √ √
087 088
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
Independent Assurance Report
089 090
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
091 092
About the Chairman's About Rongsheng Operational Conserving Quality and Working Together for
RONGSHENG PETROCHEMICAL CO., LTD. Report Message Petrochemical Compliance Ecology Safety Common Progress Appendix
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2024
Index
Self-Regulatory Guidelines No. 17 for
Contents Companies Listed on the Shenzhen GRI Standard Index
Stock Exchange—Sustainability Report
(For Trial Implementation)
About the Report Article 58 GRI2/GRI3
Chairman's Message / GRI2
About Us /
Market Structure /
Core Competitiveness /
About
Rongsheng Recognition / GRI2/GRI3/GRI201
Petrochemical
Remuneration Appraisal /
Materiality Assessment Article 14, Article 15, Article 18, Article 52
ESG Governance Article 12
Corporate Governance Article 12 GRI2
Ensuring Information Disclosure
Article 53 GRI2
Operational Management
Compliance to
Investor Relations
Enhance Growth Article 53 GRI2
Management
Strength
Business Ethics
Article 55, Article 56 GRI2/GRI3/GRI205
Management
Enhancing Environmental Article 12 to Article 19, Article 32, Article 33,
GRI2/GRI3/GRI304
Management Article 52
Article 12 to Article 19, Article 20, Article 21,
Response to Climate Article 22, Article 23, Article 24, Article 26, GRI305
Change
Article 27, Article 28, Article 37, Article 52
Conserving
Reducing Resource
Ecology and Article 19, Article 35, Article 36, Article 37 GRI2/GRI3/GRI302/GRI303/GRI305
Consumption
Unleashing Green
Potential Controlling Pollutant Article 19, Article 30, Article 31, Article 37 GRI2/GRI3/GRI303/GRI305/GRI306
Discharge
Seizing Clean Technology
Article 35, Article 36, Article 37 GRI103/GRI304/GRI307
Opportunities
Main Environmental Article 24, Article 26, Article 30, Article 31,
GRI2/GRI301/GRI302/GRI303/GRI305/GRI306
Performance Indicators Article 35, Article 36
Article 16, Article 18, Article 19, Article 45,
Creating Guarding Work Safety Article 49 GRI3/GRI403
Momentum
Strengthening R&D
by Reinforcing Article 42 /
Innovation
Quality and
Safety Enhancing Quality Article 47 GRI416
Management
Protecting Employees'
Article 49, Article 50 GRI2/GRI401/GRI404/GRI405/GRI408/GRI409
Rights and Interests
Working Together Striving for High-Quality Article 47, Article 48 GRI418
in Harmony Services
for Common Practicing Responsible GRI2/GRI3/GRI204/GRI205/GRI308/GRI409/GRI414
Progress Sourcing Article 45, Article 52
Building a Better
Article 39, Article 40 GRI201/GRI203/GRI413
Community
Future Prospects / /
Independent Assurance Report Article 26, Article 58 GRI2
Index / GRI2
ISO System Certification Statistics of the
/ GRI2
Company
Reader's Feedback Questionnaire / /
Note1: According to out assessment, the issue “Ethics of science and technology” is not material in respect of both finance and impact.
Note2：As of the end of the reporting period, the Company did not have any accounts payable (including notes payable) with a balance exceeding RMB 30 billion or
accounting for more than 50% of total assets. Additionally, the Company had no overdue payments owed to small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) that required
public disclosure on the National Enterprise Credit Information Publicity System.
093 094
RROONNGGSSHHEENNGG PPEETTRROOCCHHEEMMIICCAALL CCOO..,, LLTTDD..
SSUUSSTTAAIINNAABBIILLIITTYY RREEPPOORRTT 22002244
Reader's Feedback Questionnaire
Thank you very much for spending time in reading the sustainability report of Rongsheng Petrochemical 2024. Your opinions and
suggestions are welcome since they can help us provide more valuable information to you and other stakeholders and promote
Rongsheng Petrochemical to improve its social responsibility management capabilities and performance. You may contact us by
sending E-mail to the following mailbox:
Email：rspc@rong-sheng.com
Which category of stakeholders do you belong to?
〇Government and regulator 〇Shareholder and investor
〇Customer 〇Employee 〇Supplier/partner
〇Community 〇Media and NGO 〇Other ( )
In your opinion, does the report completely present Rongsheng Petrochemical's ESG performance?
〇Yes 〇Average 〇No
In your opinion, has the report answered the expectations and demands of Rongsheng Petrochemical's stakeholders in all
aspects?
〇Yes 〇Average 〇No
Do you find the quantitative information disclosure in the report objective, true, and valid?
〇Yes 〇Average 〇No
Do you find the writing of the report clear and easy to understand?
〇Yes 〇Average 〇No
Is the graphic design of the report helpful to you in understanding the information in the report?
〇Yes 〇Average 〇No
Do you have more opinions and suggestions for Rongsheng Petrochemical's social responsibility management and
sustainability report?
095