2024
Sustainability Report
Hengli Petrochemical Co., Ltd.
Address: 31F, Block B, Victory Plaza, No. 52 Xingang Road, Renmin Road Subdistrict,
Zhongshan District, Dalian, Liaoning Province, China
Tel: +86 411 3986 5111
Website: https://www.hengli.com/invest/hlsh
Annual
Hengli Petrochemical Co., Ltd.
Table of Contents
Table of Contents 02 Energy Conservation & 04 Insightful Innovation & Annex
Sustainable Green Digital Intelligence
Development Safeguard
About the Report 01 Climate Change Response 33 Optimizing R&D Systems 69 Annex I: Index of GRI Standards 87
Message from the Chairman 03 Environmental Compliance Management39 Empowering Innovative Achievements 70 Annex II: Sustainability Reporting Index 88
About Hengli Petrochemical 05 Pollutant Emissions Control 41 Advancing Digital and Intelligent 73 Annex III: Summary of Key Performance 89
Development Indicators
2024 at a Glance 09 Water Resource Management 47
Intellectual Property Protection 74 Feedback 92
Sustainability Management 13 Clean Technological Opportunities 49
Ecosystem and Biodiversity Protection 50
01 Steady Operations & 03 Safe Operations & 05 People Orientation &
Sound Governance Sustainable Growth Social Contribution
Corporate Governance Structure 21 Product Quality and Safety 53 Human Resource Management 77
Compliance Risk Management 23 Customer Service Management 55 Employee Training and Development 79
Adhering to Business Ethics 25 Sustainable Supply Chains 56 Rural Revitalization 84
Communication with 27 Work Safety Management 59 Social Value Contribution 85
Stakeholders
Chemical Safety 64
Data Security and Protection 66
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report hengli.com 01 I 02
REPORT 2024
Data Description
Report Preparation Statements
Data sources used in this report include public data from government agencies, the
actual operational data, annual financial data, as well as internal statistical reports of
the Company. The financial data in this report is expressed in RMB. For any discrepan-
cy between this report and the financial statements, the financial statements shall
About the Report
prevail. This report is prepared in both Chinese and English. In case of any discrepan-
cy, the Chinese version should prevail.
This report is the Sustainability Report issued by Hengli Petrochemical Co., Ltd. to the
public. Prepared in accordance with the principles of objectivity, standardization,
Abbreviations
transparency, and comprehensiveness, it provides a detailed disclosure of the
Company’s environmental, social, and governance (ESG) practices and performance
in 2024. Through this report, Hengli Petrochemical aims to further strengthen
In this report, for the convenience of presentation and readability, the following terms
engagement with all sectors of society, enhance public and investor understanding
have the meanings set forth below (unless the context otherwise requires):
and support, and advance the Company’s sustainability initiatives.
Abbreviations Reference
Scope of Report
Hengli Petrochemical, the Company, we, or us Hengli Petrochemical Co., Ltd.
Hengli Group Hengli Petrochemical Co., Ltd.
This report focuses on “Hengli Petrochemical Co., Ltd.” and includes its branches and
Hengli Chemical Fiber Jiangsu Hengli Chemical Fiber Co., Ltd.
subsidiaries. Unless otherwise specified, the scope of this report aligns with the scope
of the Company’s annual report. Kanghui New Material Kanghui New Material Technology Co., Ltd.
Hengke Advanced Materials Jiangsu Hengke Advanced Materials Co., Ltd.
Period of Time Hengli Petrochemical Chemical Hengli Petrochemical (Dalian) Chemical Co., Ltd.
Hengli Petrochemical Refining Hengli Petrochemical (Dalian) Refining Co., Ltd.
This report covers the period from January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024 (the Hengli Petrochemical (Dalian) Hengli Petrochemical (Dalian) Co., Ltd.
“Reporting Period”). To improve comparability and forward-looking insights, certain Deli Chemical Fiber Jiangsu Deli Chemical Fiber Co., Ltd.
sections include appropriate historical data or forward-looking statements. This
Susheng Thermal Power Suzhou Susheng Thermal Power Co., Ltd.
report is released on an annual basis, consistent with the financial year.
Jiangsu Xuanda Jiangsu Xuanda Polymer Materials Co., Ltd.
Basis of Preparation Hengli Petrochemical (Huizhou) Hengli Petrochemical (Huizhou) Co., Ltd.
Hengli Petrochemical (Dalian) New Material Hengli Petrochemical (Dalian) New Material
Technology Co., Ltd.
Shanghai Stock Exchange Self-Regulatory Guidelines for Listed Companies No. 14 -
Sustainable Development Report (for Trial Implementation)
Shanghai Stock Exchange Self-Regulatory Guidelines for Listed Companies No. 4 -
Preparation of Sustainable Development Reports Confirmation and Approval
Corporate Sustainable Development Disclosure Standards—Basic Standards (for
Trial Implementation)
The Board pledges to exercise oversight over the contents of this report, ensuring its
absence of any false records or misleading representations, and assuming responsi-
Guide to Corporate Social Responsibility Reporting in China (CASS-ESG 6.0
bility for its truthfulness, accuracy and completeness.
published by the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences
Access to the Report
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) of the United Nations
Sustainable Development Reporting Standards (GRI Standards) of the Global Sustain- This report is published in electronic format. You may access and download the digital
able Development Standards Board
version from the Sustainable Development section of the Company’s official website
(https://www.hengli.com/invest/hlsh?index=4) or the Shanghai Stock Exchange
Guidelines for Climate-related Financial Disclosures issued by Task Force on
Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) website (www.sse.com.cn).
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report hengli.com 03 I 04
REPORT 2024
Message from
the Chairman
The year 2024 marks the 75th anniversary of the People’s Republic
production technology achieving international leadership.
“Leader” title for four years, with outstanding water efficiency
of China and the 30th founding year of Hengli. Hengli Petrochemi-
Focusing on core industrial chain technologies, the Company
performance. Hengli Chemical Fiber was recognized as a
cal has fully implemented the new development philosophy,
actively collaborates with the Dalian Institute of Chemical
“Green Development Leader in the Yangtze River Delta Ecologi-
steadfastly advanced industrial synergy to new heights, accelerat-
Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences. The establishment of
cal Green Integration Demonstration Zone”. Following Hengli
ed progress on the “green track”, and taken multiple measures to
the “Hengli-DICP Research Institute” provides strong support
Petrochemical (Dalian), Hengli Petrochemical Refining, Hengke
steadily pursue the “carbon peaking and carbon neutrality” goals,
for rapid commercialization of research outcomes and injects
Advanced Materials, Hengli Chemical Fiber, and Hengli
injecting strong momentum into the stable operation of national
powerful momentum for future innovation.
Petrochemical Chemical, Kanghui New Material was designated
industry and economy. These achievements would not have been
Strengthening Safety Defenses to Consolidate the Foundation as a national “Green Factory”. So far, six subsidiaries of the
possible without the support of every colleague who cares about
of Development. Safety is the cornerstone of company develop- Company have been recognized as national-level “Green Facto-
and contributes to the Company’s development. On behalf of
ment and fundamental to high-quality growth. We consistently ries”.
Hengli Petrochemical, I extend our sincerest gratitude to all!
uphold the principle of “life first, safety foremost”, strictly imple-
Putting People First and Embracing Social Responsibility.
Adhering to Compliance as the Bottom Line and Deepening ESG
ment production safety responsibilities, and advance the HSE
“Talents drive enterprise success; a strong workforce builds a
Development. The Company continuously improves its gover-
system to build a comprehensive, multi-layered safety manage-
strong company”. Talent is the primary resource for an
nance mechanisms and internal control systems, strengthening
ment framework. By strengthening risk source control, continu-
enterprise’s development. We strengthen team building, unite
the foundation of standardized governance. We enhance
ously improving intrinsic safety standards, and implementing
employee efforts, optimize talent development, and stimulate
standardized operations and investor relations management to
rigorous safety measures, we deepen hazard identification and
innovation. By improving recruitment mechanisms, we attract
effectively communicate company value and increase market
rectification to prevent accidents. Regular fire drills and safety
outstanding talents to the Hengli family and enhance training
recognition. Committed to shareholder returns, we reinforce value
training enhance employee awareness and emergency
incentives to build a high-quality workforce. Simultaneously, we
management and maintain stable dividend distributions. By
response capabilities, fortify the production safety line, and
actively contribute to communities, foster harmonious coexis-
strictly adhering to business ethics, strengthening risk control and
safeguard the Company’s high-quality development. This
tence, and support local prosperity. We firmly believe that only
audit supervision, we strive to create a clean, efficient, and compli-
allows employees to work with peace of mind and society to
by putting people first can we unite hearts and achieve shared
ant operational environment, providing robust support for
trust us with confidence, laying a solid foundation for achieving
progress between enterprise and society.
high-quality development.
long-term stability and sustainable development.
Advancing with a Sense of Mission and Reaping the Rewards of
Innovation as the Engine to Inject Vitality into Development. “We
Upholding Green Principles to Promote Circular Development.
Perseverance. Looking ahead to 2025, Hengli Petrochemical will
either don’t do it, or we do it the best.” In 2024, the Company
Green is the eternal foundation of enterprise development and
continue to steadfastly pursue the path of high-quality develop-
achieved breakthroughs in multiple technologies and products
our responsibility in ecological civilization construction. We
ment, comprehensively enhance ESG management, consoli-
across the entire industrial chain, addressing industry bottlenecks
consistently implement the philosophy that “clear waters and
date the “Heng” spirit, and gather the “Li” strength, continuous-
and filling market gaps. As of December 31, 2024, Hengli
lush mountains are invaluable assets”, integrating green and
ly writing new chapters for Hengli Petrochemical and contribut-
Petrochemical has obtained a total of 1,676 patent authorizations.
low-carbon practices throughout company strategy and opera-
ing Hengli’s wisdom and strength to building a beautiful China!
Hengli Petrochemical Chemical’s high-density polyethylene pipe
tions. Driven by technological innovation, we optimize industrial
material 23050 obtained PE100 grade certification, marking its
structure, develop circular economy, and build resource-effi-
domestic leading level. Hengli Chemical Fiber achieved mass
cient, environmentally friendly models. By creating green supply
production of ultra-fine fiber 27D/144f, with a single filament
chains through process optimization, technological upgrades,
weight of only 0.18 g per 9,000 m. Hengke Advanced Materials’
smart energy management, and clean energy adoption, we
project on “Industrialization of New Disperse Dyeable Polyester
establish efficient resource utilization systems, making green a
and Its Fiber at Normal Pressure” passed the scientific and techno-
distinctive feature of high-quality development. In 2024, three
logical achievement appraisal by the China National Textile and companies in Hengli (Dalian Changxing Island) Industrial Park Hengli Petrochemical Co., Ltd.
Apparel Council, with overall technology reaching international
were consecutively awarded the national energy efficiency Fan Hongwei, the Chairwoman
advanced levels and its 10,000-ton continuous polymerization
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report hengli.com 05 I 06
REPORT 2024
Fundamentals of Hengli Petrochemical
20
MTPA Refining Capacity
Business Layout
Company Profile
Headquartered in Dalian, China, Hengli Petrochemical
operates upstream with 20 million tons of refining, 1.5
1.5
Established in November 2002 with a Changxing Island, Nantong, Suqian, million tons of ethylene, and 5 million tons of coal chemical MTPA Ethylene Capacity
registered capital of RMB 7.04 billion, Yingkou, Huizhou, and the Yangtze River capacity. It is the world’s largest PTA producer and is
Hengli Petrochemical Co., Ltd. operates Delta Integrated Demonstration Zone, committed to building the world’s largest production
in a wide range of fields including oil aspiring to become a world-class full-in- capacity for functional fibers, films, and plastic new
refining, petrochemicals, aromatics, dustry-chain supplier of new chemical materials, with seven major production bases across
olefins, PTA, ethylene glycol, civilian and materials. Hengli Petrochemical has 5
Registered Capital China. MTPA Coal Chemical Capacity
industrial fibers, engineering plastics, deployed high-quality, efficient produc-
polyester films, and biodegradable tion capacities and supporting utilities
7.04 plastics, covering both production and characterized by “large-scale installa-
RMB billion
consumer needs for high-end chemical tions, massive production capacity,
raw materials and various new chemical integrated structure, advanced technol-
materials. The Company is the first in the ogy, environmental sustainable develop- 16.6
MTPA PTA Capacity
industry to achieve a fully integrated ment, and comprehensive facilities”
industrial chain from “crude oil-aromat- across the entire polyester and new
ics, olefins-PTA, ethylene glycol-polyes- chemical materials industrial chain.
ter new materials” as a listed company. Whether in terms of single-unit scale,
total capacity, or production processes,
The Company currently boasts four
the Company leads the industry. Pursu-
Revenue global benchmark-level production
ing a development path that balances
236.273 capacity clusters: a 20 million tons per
RMB market differentiation, high-end
billion annum (MTPA) integrated refining and technology, large-scale installations, and Hengli (Yingkou) Industrial Park
chemical project, a 5 MTPA modern coal
integrated operations, Hengli
chemical plant, a 1.5 MTPA ethylene
Petrochemical possesses a long-estab- Hengli (Huizhou) Industrial Park
project, and seven industry-leading PTA
lished market and technology innovation
plants with a combined capacity of 16.6
mechanism. Its R&D capabilities and new
MTPA. These assets have successfully
product innovation lead the industry,
addressed upstream “chokepoint” 1
with four subsidiaries - Hengli Chemical
operational challenges, breaking through 2
Fiber, Deli Chemical Fiber, Hengke
raw material supply bottlenecks and
Advanced Materials, and Kanghui New
establishing a modern industrial system Hengli (Dalian Changxing
Material - certified as “National
integrating “world-class petrochemical Island) Industrial Park
High-Tech Enterprises”.
Net Profit refinery + modern coal chemical
7.053 facilities”. This system serves as a strate- “Building a world-class enterprise and
RMB billion
gic platform supporting the creating an internationally renowned 3
“oil-coal-chemical integration” strategy, brand”. Hengli Petrochemical continues 4
while the Company maintains compre- to uphold the spirit of “craftsmen
5
hensive production capacity layouts in building the nation”, driving innovation 6
downstream advanced chemical materi- as its core engine. Focusing on its main
als sectors such as differentiated fibers, business and leveraging upstream
functional films, engineering plastics, and resources and downstream market
biodegradable materials. This dual-track experience, the Company vertically Hengli (Nantong) Industrial Park Hengli (Suqian) Industrial Park
structure creates a systematic industrial extends its industrial chain layout in new
framework featuring both a “large-scale chemical materials, serving national
chemical platform” and “new material advanced manufacturing and consump- 6
extension” capabilities. With over 30,000 tion upgrades. Through breakthroughs in
employees and a “National Certified core technology, manufacturing process-
Enterprise Technology Center”, the es, and scale advantages, Hengli
Company’s competitiveness and product Petrochemical promotes high-quality
brand value rank among the top in the development in the real economy,
global industry. advancing new industrialization and Hengli (Suzhou) Industrial Park Hengli (Yangtze River Delta) Industrial Park
steadfastly pursuing the “Hengli Dream”
Headquartered in Dalian, China, Hengli
of industrial patriotism.
Petrochemical operates seven produc-
tion bases across Suzhou, Dalian
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report hengli.com 07 I 08
REPORT 2024
Industrial Layout
From “a drop of oil” to “a strand of fiber”, we have achieved full industrial chain development
with a “platform + new materials” approach. Remaining firmly rooted in our core business
and committed to real economy development, we began in the polyester fiber industry and
progressively addressed industry “chokepoint” challenges. We continue to expand in fiber,
film, plastic, and other new chemical materials while advancing toward an integrated
upstream petrochemical, refining, and coal-chemical platform. This has established our
systematic industrial structure featuring a “large-scale chemical platform” and “new materi-
als extension”.
Polyester New
Refining Coal Chemical
PTA Segment Materials
Segment Segment
Segment
Refined Oil Products (Gasoline, Diesel, Jet Fuel)
Civil and Industrial Filament "High-end Polyester" Industrial Chain
BOPET Films Functional Films (e.g., MLCC films) "Functional Films" Industrial Chain
Heavy Reformate PX PTA
Naphtha Aromatics Lithium Battery Separator Films, Process Protection Films "New Energy Materials" Industrial Chain
Petroleum Benzene
PBS, PBAT Biodegradable Plastics Modified Biodegradable Plastics
Light PBT Resin Modified PBT
Naphtha
Styrene PS
"Biodegradable Materials" Industrial Chain
Crude Oil
Ethylene Glycol
ABS
Ethane Ethylene HDPE
Cracking BDO
Maleic Anhydride
Polypropylene
Succinic Acid
Butadiene
PTMEG "High-end Fiber" Industrial Chain
n-Butane
Adipic Acid
Propylene Acetone Isopropanol "Engineering Plastics" Industrial Chain
Propane D g e e h n y a d ti r o o n - Polypropylene Phenol Bisphenol A PC
Isobutane
Chemicals MTBE
Formaldehyde POM
Iso-octane
DPC
Methanol Acetic Acid
Chemical Coal-to-
Coal Hydrogen Hydrogen Ethylene Oxide DMC "New Energy Materials" Industrial Chain
Oxygen Ethanolamine Ethylenediamine "High-end Fine Chemical Intermediates"
Industrial Chain
Air
Liquid Argon
Separation Synthetic
Ammonia Nitric Acid
Nitrogen
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report hengli.com 09 I 10
REPORT 2024
2024 at a Glance
Performance Highlights
Steady Operations & Sound Energy Conservation & Sustainable Safe Operations & Sustainable Growth Insightful Innovation &
Governance Green Development Digital Intelligence Safeguard
Carbon emission targets set:
100
0 3,779
Over research visits received By 2026, energy-saving projects are expected to
information security and privacy protection violation R&D personnel
1
reduce emissions by no less than million tons of
3
530 1.703
earnings briefing sessions held CO₂ cumulatively
RMB million invested in workplace safety RMB billion in R&D investment
Carbon emission intensity 24.20%
100% 228.21 ( year-on-year growth)
employee coverage in business tons CO₂ equivalent/million RMB
ethics training
3,776 2
chemical safety drills conducted postdoctoral research stations
Water consumption intensity
100% 3,727.37
business ethics audits across all tons/million RMB
operational locations 100% 1,676
customer complaints resolved cumulative patents held
Annual water savings from reclaimed water reuse
equipment
34.2737 Product qualification rate
million tons
99.63% People Orientation & Social
Contribution
Reclaimed water reuse rate
75.3%
715
RMB million spent on employee benefits
General waste disposal rate
1,555
99.99%
employee volunteers participating
in community activities
Total environmental protection investment
Occupational health checkup rate
375
100%
million RMB
Renewable energy consumption Total employee training hours
324,023.02 424,600
tons of standard coal hours
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report hengli.com 11 I 12
REPORT 2024
Honors and achievements in 2024
2
3
Honor Time Honor Winner Honor Name Awarding Authority 1
Jiangsu Provincial Department of Human Resources
January 2024 Hengke Advanced Materials Jiangsu Provincial Labor Brand
and Social Security
Three products obtained carbon
April 2024 Kanghui New Material footprint certification, and obtained the Green Product Service Voluntary Certification Center
Product Carbon Footprint Certificates
Green Development Leader in the Jointly issued by Jiangsu Ecology and Environment
June 2024 Hengli Chemical Fiber Yangtze River Delta Ecological Green Department, Shanghai Ecology and Environment Bureau,
Integration Demonstration Zone Zhejiang Ecology and Environment Department, and
Demonstration Zone Executive Committee
Hengli Petrochemical
Chemical, Hengli Listed in the Energy Efficiency Leader Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, National
July 2024 Petrochemical Refining, and Enterprises in Key Industries Development and Reform Commission, and State
Hengli Petrochemical Administration for Market Regulation
(Dalian)
August 2024 Jiangsu Xuanda Obtained the “GRS (Global Recycled Textile Exchange
Standard)” Certification
August 2024 Jiangsu Kanghui, Jiangsu Jiangsu Provincial Intelligent Jiangsu Provincial Department of Industry and
Xuanda Manufacturing Workshop Information Technology
Hengke Advanced Materials,
Jiangsu Provincial Five-Star Cloud Jiangsu Provincial Department of Industry and
September 2024 Jiangsu Kanghui New
Enterprise Information Technology
Material
Five-Star Gold Award for Social
September 2024 Hengli Petrochemical Responsibility of China’s Manufacturing Times Responsibility 40 Forum Think Tank
Listed Companies
“Contract-Honoring & Creditworthy”
October 2024 Deli Chemical Fiber Suqian Enterprise Credit Management Association
Enterprise
Liaoning Provincial Single Champion Liaoning Provincial Department of Industry and
October 2024 Kanghui New Material
Manufacturing Enterprise Information Technology
November 2024 Hengli Chemical Fiber Jiangsu High-Reputation Trademark Jiangsu Trademark Association
Office of the Leading Group for National High-Tech
November 2024 Jiangsu Kanghui High-tech Enterprise
Enterprise Certification Management
National AAA-Level Certification for Zhongguancun IT and Real Economy Integration 4 5
November 2024 Jiangsu Kanghui, Nantong Kanghui Integrated Industrialization and
Development Alliance
Informatization Management System
Best Practice Case for Listed Company
November 2024 Hengli Petrochemical China Association for Public Companies
Sustainable Development
November 2024 Hengli Petrochemical B B e o s a t r d P r o a f c D ti i c r e e c C to a r s s e for Listed Company China Association for Public Companies 1 “GRS Global Recycled Standard” 2 Best Sustainable Develop-
Certification ment Practice Certificate for
December 2024 Kanghui New Material National Green Factory Ministry of Industry and Information Technology Listed Companies
Jiangsu Quality Development Committee Office and
December 2024 Deli Chemical Fiber “Jiangsu Premium” Brand Certification
other departments
Jiangsu Provincial AAA-Level Quality Jiangsu Provincial Market Supervision Administra- 3 National AAA-Level Certification for 4 Five-Star Gold Award for
December 2024 Hengke Advanced Materials Credit Enterprise tion and Development & Reform Commission Integrated Industrialization and Social Responsibility of
Informatization Management China’s Manufacturing
December 2024 Jiangsu Kanghui Jiangsu Provincial Postdoctoral Jiangsu Provincial Department of Human Resources System Listed Companies
Innovation Practice Base and Social Security
Ministry of Industry and Information Technology,
Listed in the 2024 Key Water-Using
December 2024 Hengli Petrochemical Refining Enterprises & Industrial Parks Water Ministry of Water Resources, National Development 5 Jiangsu High-Reputation
and Reform Commission, and State Administration
Efficiency Leader List Trademark Certificate
for Market Regulation
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report hengli.com 13 I 14
REPORT 2024
Sustainability Management
Sustainability Governance Framework
Hengli Petrochemical actively practices sustainability concepts, continuously improves sustainability governance frameworks Hengli Petrochemical has established a three-tier ESG governance structure covering decision-making, management, and
and management systems, and is committed to deeply integrating sustainability into company strategy, decision-making, execution layers. The Board of Directors serves as the highest decision-making body, with the Strategy and Sustainability
and daily operations. The Company consistently addresses and responds to stakeholder expectations, strengthens commu- Committee implementing coordinated ESG management mechanisms. This framework develops sustainability plans,
nication and collaboration with value chain partners and society, and jointly promotes the achievement of sustainability conducts regular evaluations, reviews progress, and ensures alignment with internal sustainability principles and objectives.
goals.
Sustainability Strategy
Decision- ● Approve ESG strategies, plans, and goals
Board of Directors
Making Level proposed by the ESG Task Force
To realize Hengli Petrochemical’s long-term development objectives, the Company deeply embeds sustainability across
● Supervise the Company’s ESG performance
every segment of its value chain. By aligning its operations with the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), it actively
comprehensively and assume its accountability
drives coordinated economic, environmental, and social progress, making lasting contributions to a green, sustainable
● Review annual ESG reports and other major
future. The Company focuses its sustainability efforts on five key areas: Steady Operations & Sound Governance; Energy
ESG-related matters
Conservation & Sustainable Green Development; Safe Operations & Sustainable Growth; Insightful Innovation & Digital
Intelligence Safeguard; People Orientation & Social Contribution
Steady Operations & Sound Governanc
Strategy and Sustainability
Committee ● Lead and execute ESG initiatives
Management ESG Task Force ● Propose ESG strategies, plans, and goals
Level
● Identify and manage ESG risks and opportunities
CEO, Secretary of Board of
Directors, and Industrial Park Heads ● Monitor ESG performance and goal implementa-
tion
People Orientation & Energy Conservation &
Social Contribution Sustainable Green
Development
Sustainability
Strategy
● Communicate with stakeholders, identify materi-
ESG Executive Task Force
al ESG topics, and organize ESG training programs
Implementation Office of Board of Directors,
Level ● Organize the preparation of annual ESG reports
Functional Department Heads of
and other ESG disclosures
Subsidiaries
● Oversee topic-specific management
Insightful Innovation & Safe Operations & ● Organize the development of specialized ESG
Digital Intelligence Safeguard Sustainable Growth work plans
Hengli Petrochemical Sustainability
● Coordinate and implement ESG initiatives
Governance Framework
● Monitor and report ESG indicators regularly
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report hengli.com 15 I 16
REPORT 2024
SDGs Initiatives of the Enterprise Communication with Stakeholders
The Company aligns its development philosophy with the UN 2030 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), establishing a The Company places high importance on communication and engagement with stakeholders. We continuously expand and
comprehensive ESG management framework to advance its sustainability strategy and contribute to ESG progress through improve communication channels and frequency with stakeholders, refining internal sustainability management through
concrete actions. feedback to gain their support and trust, thereby driving continuous improvement in social responsibility management.
Dimension Chapters Hengli Petrochemical’s SDG-aligned measures SDGs
Stakeholders Topics of Concern Communication Channels and Methods
● Analyze climate risks and opportunities,
Company announcements
Improvement of corporate governance
implementing mitigation and adaptation Shareholders and Timely information disclosure Compliance information disclosure
measures Investors Sustainable development capabilities C An o n m u p a a l n E y S G w e re b p s o it rt e d re is le c a lo s s e ures
Performance growth and returns
Energy Conservation & ● Enhance carbon emission management Improve sustainable development
Low-carbon
Sustainable Green
Mission (E) ● Standardize water resource management Diversity and anti-discrimination
Development Employee feedback collection and response
Upholding the rights and interests of employees
● Strengthen pollution prevention and control Employee welfare distribution
Employees Broaden career development pathways
Regular health checkups
● Develop clean technologies Comprehensive compensation and benefits Emergency response drills
Occupational health and safety
● Optimize energy management systems
Satisfaction surveys
Innovation and R&D
Customer complaint channels
Customers High-quality products
Supplying high-quality service
Safety ● Strengthen chemical safety management After-sales support Industry exchange meetings
Safe Operations &
Management ● Improve safety production management
Sustainable Growth Compliant operation Complying with laws and regulations
(S) ● Building sustainable supply chains Government and Pay taxes in accordance with the law Proactive tax payment
Risk management Strengthen internal controls
Regulatory Agencies
Business ethics Government supervision
Anti-monopoly measures Regular disclosures
● Promote digital and intelligent transfor-
Anti-bribery measures
S&T Insightful Innovation & mation Suppliers and Partners Anti-monopoly measures U Tr p a h n o sp ld a b re u n s t i n p e r s o s c u e r t e h m ics ent
Innovation Digital Intelligence ● Contributing to industry development Integrity and cooperation Jointly fulfill social responsibilities
Mutual benefit
(S) Safeguard
● Strengthen industry-academia-research
Environmental compliance
collaboration Public benefit activities
Support public welfare and charity
Communities Provide employment opportunities
Contributing to community development
Strengthen pollution prevention
Energy conservation and emission reduction
● Carry out public welfare volunteer
activities
Materiality Assessment
● Focus on developing industrial assistance
programs
Social ● Improve employee health and safety Hengli Petrochemical continuously improves the process of identifying and assessing material sustainable development topics.
Responsibility People Orientation & systems By regularly aligning with the Company’s development goals and business direction, we understand stakeholder demands
Social Contribution
(S) ● Conduct skills enhancement training through diversified channels, analyze and evaluate sustainable development topics, and respond promptly and effectively to
stakeholder expectations and opinions, striving to meet their needs and achieve mutual benefits.
● Pay attention to female employee rights
● Enhance talent recruitment systems
● Establish open employee feedback Management of Materiality
channels
Material topics serve as focal points for the Company’s sustainable development management, aiming to better and fully
● Strengthen compliance risk management understand the concerns of internal and external stakeholders, thereby integrating the Company’s sustainable development
management practices with stakeholder demands and expectations.
● Adhere to standardized governance
through the General Meeting of Shareholders, In 2024, we followed the material topic assessment process of “stakeholder communication - identifying a list of sustainable
Corporate Board of Directors, and Board of Supervisors development topics - stakeholders’ engagement in evaluation - establishing a material topic matrix - topic confirmation and
Steady Operations &
Governance reporting” to conduct stakeholder research in an orderly manner. We systematically identified key ESG topics and future
Sound Governance ● Improve ESG governance structure
(G) development directions for the Company, continuously using a “dual materiality” approach to assess topics from both “finan-
● Conduct regular business ethics audits cial importance” and “impact importance” perspectives, and mapped an ESG material topic matrix:
● Enhance anti-corruption compliance
management
hengli.com 17 I 18
Moderate Materiality High Materiality
Communications Maintain regular communication with investors, customers, government agencies, and other
with stakeholders, recording their concerns and specific content, and responding to their demands.
stakeholders
Based on the Company’s business development strategy and industry characteristics, and dentifying a
list of considering domestic and international regulatory policies, global and local ESG standards,
sustainability mainstream ESG rating requirements, peer benchmarking, and stakeholder feedback, we
topics identified 30 potential ESG topics with financial or impact importance through systematic
evaluation and analysis, providing a scientific basis for formulating the Company’s ESG strate-
gy.
The Company prepared stakeholder questionnaires based on the list of potential material topics,
Stakeholders’ targeting: Shareholders and investors, employees, customers, government and regulatory
engagement
agencies, suppliers and partners, communities, etc. Through stakeholder surveys and expert
in evaluation
scoring results, the Company assesses the impact significance and financial materiality of each
issue. In 2024, the Company collected a total of 1,519 questionnaires.
Based on survey results, combined with regulatory disclosure requirements, sustainable
Establishing
development practices of the Company, industry characteristics, etc., the Company conducts
a material
topic matrix quantitative analysis on the assessment results of impact significance and financial materiality,
presenting the overall priority of each issue through a matrix format. We have identified a total
of 21 topics with dual high significance and 8 topics with dual medium significance.
Low Materiality
Topic The Company’s management level reviews the annual material topic assessment results,
confirmation incorporates internal and external feedback to confirm the significance and impact of identified
and reporting issues, and will truthfully reflect the Company’s performance on relevant topics in reports. Financial Materiality
High-materiality Issues
6. Toxic Emissions and Waste 11. Supply Chain Security 29. Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption
8. Energy Utilization 14. Chemical Safety 26. Compensation
4. Pollutant Emissions 13. Safety and Quality of Products and 27. Tax Transparency
Services
5. Water Resource Utilization 30. Anti-Unfair Competition
15. Data Security and Customer Privacy
7. Environmental Compliance Management Protection 23. Ownership and Control Rights
9. Circular Economy 20. Innovation-Driven Development 24. Board of Directors
1. Carbon Emission 12. Employees 25. Accounting
10. Clean Technological Opportunities
Medium-materiality Issues
2. Product Carbon Footprint 16. Responsible Investment 28. Due Diligence
3. Environmentally Impactful Financing 17. Communications with Stakeholders
19. Contribution to Society
21. Equal Treatment of Small and
Medium-Sized Enterprises
22. Financing Availability
Impact
Materiality
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report
REPORT 2024
Hengli Petrochemical ESG Material Topic Matrix
14
Environment
6
Social
29
8 Governance
26
4 13
27 20
9
7 5 30
23 25
15 24
12 11
1 10
28
19 16
17
2
3
21
22
18
01
Corporate Governance Structure 21
Steady Operations &
Compliance Risk Management 23
Adhering to Business Ethics 25
Sound Governance
Communication with Stakeholders 27
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report
hengli.com 21 I 22
REPORT 2024
Corporate Governance Structure
Case
Hengli Petrochemical Wins “Best Practice Case for Listed Company Board of Directors”
Hengli Petrochemical actively practices the concept of sustainable development by continuously improving its sustainability gover-
nance framework and management system. The Company is committed to deeply integrating the principles of sustainability into its
corporate strategy, business decision-making, and daily operations. Hengli Petrochemical remains attentive to the expectations and The Company’s Board of Directors and management level have always prioritized company
demands of all stakeholders, continuously strengthening communication and collaboration with value chain partners and broader governance and internal control, strictly complying with laws, regulations, and industry
society to jointly advance the achievement of sustainable development goals. standards, continuously improving governance levels, and committing to standardized
operations and ethical management. These efforts have laid a solid foundation for sustain-
Governance Model able high-quality development and empowered the Company’s pursuit of excellence. With
innovative measures and outstanding performance in board operations, Hengli
Petrochemical was honored with the “2024 Best Practice Case for Listed Company Board
Honored with the “2024 Best Practice Case
The Company has established a “Three-Meeting, One-Level” governance structure, strictly adhering to the Company Law of of Directors”. for Listed Company Board of Directors”
the People’s Republic of China (hereinafter referred to as the “Company Law”), the Securities Law of the People’s Republic of
China, and the Shanghai Stock Exchange Listing Rules and other laws and regulations. It continuously improves management
During the reporting period, the Company organized training sessions for all directors, supervisors, and senior management on topics
systems for the general meeting of shareholders, the Board of Directors, and the board of supervisors, forming a company
such as financial fraud risk prevention, warning cases of illegal shareholding reductions, interpretation of M&A and restructuring
governance mechanism with clear powers and responsibilities, effective checks and balances, scientific decision-making, and
policies, market value management, and public opinion management, organized by the Dalian Listed Companies Association. Simul-
coordinated operations among power, decision-making, supervisory, and management bodies. Sound company governance
taneously, independent directors participated in specialized training sessions organized by the Shanghai Stock Exchange, including
provides a strong guarantee for the Company’s steady development and effectively protects the legitimate rights and interests
“Follow-up Training for Independent Directors” and “Key Points and Suggestions for Anti-Fraud Duties of Independent Directors of
of the Company and its shareholders.
Listed Companies”. These training sessions effectively enhanced the governance team's understanding of the latest regulatory
During the reporting period, the Company’s governance status complied with relevant laws, regulations, and normative requirements in the capital market, improved their awareness of standardized operations and competency in performing their duties,
documents for listed companies. and laid a governance foundation for the Company’s high-quality development.
Note: For detailed information on Hengli Petrochemical’s “Three-Meeting, One-Level” governance structure, please refer to the 2024 Annual Report.
Remuneration Management
Board Diversity
The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee under the Board of Directors continuously improves the remuneration manage-
ment for the Board of Directors, Board of Supervisors, and management team, establishing a scientific and effective incentive
The Company fully recognizes the important role of board diversity in promoting sustainability and enhancing overall company and restraint mechanism. The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee reviews the directors’ remuneration plan and senior
strength. Adhering to the principle of diversity, the Company selects board members by comprehensively considering factors management’s remuneration allocation scheme, which are then submitted to the Board of Directors for approval. Directors’
such as gender, age, professional knowledge, and industry experience, resulting in a professional structure that brings diversi- remuneration is subject to approval by the General Meeting of Shareholders. Information on relevant senior management
fied experience and expertise to contribute positively to the Company’s comprehensive decision-making. remuneration is publicly disclosed.
To promote the implementation of sustainable development initiatives, the Company sets scientific performance indicators in
Risk Management Expert key areas of focus, including but not limited to carbon emissions, water resource management, quality management, and
business ethics, and links ESG performance indicators with the remuneration of relevant directors and senior management to
At the level of the Board of Directors, Liu Jun serves as the Company’s Risk Management Expert. With deep expertise in risk facilitate normalized ESG management. The Company evaluates directors, supervisors, and senior management in accor-
management and extensive industry experience, the Expert supervises the Company’s comprehensive risk management dance with the Remuneration Management System of Hengli Petrochemical Co., Ltd., and determines remuneration allocation
system to ensure the establishment and operation of appropriate risk oversight, management, and internal control mecha- based on evaluation results.
nisms, promoting the Company’s long-term strategic goals.
2024 Remuneration of Hengli Petrochemical Senior Management Personnel:
Key Performance
Fixed Remunera- Variable Remuneration Total Remuneration
8 1 3
Name Position tion Before Tax Before Tax Before Tax
Board members: directors, including female director and independent directors
(RMB 10,000) (RMB 10,000) (RMB 10,000)
（with rich professional experience and backgrounds in petrochemicals, financial auditing, law, and risk manage- Wang Zhiqing Director, General Manager 108.00 72.00 180.00
ment）
Li Feng Director, Deputy General Manager, Secretary of 92.66 26.13 118.79
Board of Directors
Percentage of Indepen-
Committee Composition of Directors Liu Dunlei Director, Deputy General Manager 104.15 44.64 148.79
dent Directors (%)
Audit Committee Wu Yongdong (Chairperson), Liu Jun, Gong Tao 66.67% Liu Xuefen Director, Deputy General Manager 115.38 42.68 158.06
Nomination Committee Liu Jun (Chairperson), Xue Wenliang, Liu Dunlei 66.67% Liu Qianhan Deputy General Manager 79.76 29.50 109.26
Remuneration and Assessment
Zhang Wenyu Deputy General Manager 52.29 19.34 71.63
Xue Wenliang (Chairperson), Wu Yongdong, Li Feng 66.67%
Committee
Strategy and Sustainable Development Note: Variable remuneration is determined based on the completion of sustainable development assessment indicators, including but not limited to carbon
Fan Hongwei (Chairperson), Xue Wenliang, Li Xiaoming 33.33%
Committee emissions, water resource management, quality management, and business ethics.
Note: For details on the operations of the board’s specialized committees, please refer to the 2024 Annual Report.
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report
hengli.com 23 I 24
REPORT 2024
Compliance Risk Management
Hengli Petrochemical continuously enhances internal control and risk management capabilities, regularly study-
ing and deploying key oversight tasks to achieve full coverage of oversight over directors, supervisors, senior
Strengthening
management, and all employees. The Company’s internal audit is divided into three phases: “year-start planning
Internal Audit
- mid-year implementation and reporting - year-end feedback and review”.
Processes
Deepening Risk Management
At the beginning of each year, the Internal Audit Department is responsible for formulating
The Company continuously improves its institutional system, enhances internal control and risk management capabilities, the annual audit work plan and submitting it to the Chairman for review. The scope of internal
strengthens standardized management, firmly adheres to institutional red lines and risk baselines, ensures alignment between audit covers 100% of Hengli Petrochemical’s operating sites, including procurement, sales,
Year-start
business development and risk control capabilities, and guarantees sustained, stable, and healthy company development. The production, safety and environmental protection, and business ethics in various industrial
planning
Company has established a relatively sound and comprehensive accounting system, financial management and risk control, parks, ensuring that each subsidiary of Hengli Petrochemical receives internal audit at least
and major decision-making internal control management systems, which are effectively implemented and meet the Compa- once a year.
ny’s current development needs. Simultaneously, the Company will continuously update and improve relevant systems based
on development conditions to ensure healthy and stable operations. The Internal Audit Department audits each industrial park according to the annual audit work
plan and promptly issues audit reports and targeted management optimization suggestions
based on the audit results. The work plan of the Internal Audit Department can be adjusted in
Internal Control System Construction Mid-year
a timely manner based on actual conditions. For key projects in the actual operations of Hengli
implementation
Petrochemical, as well as in the event of reported issues, the Internal Audit Department
and reporting
organizes special audits and continuously follows up on rectification work.
During the reporting period, the
Company strictly complied with Internal Control System
various laws and regulations The Internal Audit Department continuously follows up on the progress of implementing
such as the Company Law, rectification measures by the audited work hours, and summarizes the annual audit results
Basic Norms for Enterprise and reports them to the Chairman at the end of each year.
Internal Control, Shanghai Stock Year-end
Exchange Listing Rules, and General Meeting of feedback and
Shareholders
Self-regulatory Guidelines of review
Shanghai Stock Exchange for
the Companies Listed on the
STAR Market of the Shanghai Management of Related Party Transactions
Stock Exchange No.1 –
Standardized Operation, as well
as the Company’s internal The audit evaluation results will be incorporated into the annual assessment of each subsidiary. In order to regulate related
control systems, to regulate Board of Directors Board of Supervisors party transactions (RPTs) and avoid conflicts of interest, the Company has formulated the Related Party Transaction Manage-
operations and manage risks. ment System (Revised in 2022), which clearly stipulates that RPTs should not harm the legitimate interests of the Company
The Company has established a Responsible for establishing and effectively Responsible for supervising the and non-connected shareholders, and ensures that transaction behaviors follow the principles of fairness, impartiality,
rigorous internal control implementing the internal control system internal control system established and openness, and equal and paid, with fair and reasonable pricing. When the Board of Directors/General Meeting of Shareholders
management system, continu- i e n n t a e c r c p o ri r s d e a i n n c t e e rn w a it l h c o t n h t e ro p l s r t o a v n is d io a n rd s s o ys f t t e h m e i D m ir p e l c e t m or e s n . ted by the Board of deliberates on RPT matters, the connected directors/connected shareholders must withdraw from voting and may not
ously optimizing and improving and evaluating its effectiveness. exercise voting rights on behalf of other directors/shareholders, reducing the impact of conflicts of interest on judgment or
internal control systems based
independence. At the same time, the Board of Supervisors, the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, and independent
on industry characteristics and
directors strengthen supervision and review of RPTs to ensure their compliance and fairness.
actual business operations. This
provides reasonable assurance During the reporting period, there were no instances of the Company’s directors, supervisors, or senior management using
for the legality and compliance Audit Committee RPTs to harm the interests of the Company or its shareholders.
of the Company’s operations,
asset security, and the authen- Note: For details on related parties and RPTs, please refer to the 2024 Annual Report.
Responsible for supervising and evaluating
ticity and completeness of the Company’s internal audit system and its
financial reports and related implementation and control management.
information, promoting overall Tax Transparency
improvements in operational
efficiency and effectiveness, and Hengli Petrochemical Internal Control System
safeguarding the interests of the The Company strictly abides by the Law of the People’s Republic of China on Enterprise Income Tax and the
Company and all shareholders. Pay Taxes Law of the People’s Republic of China on Tax Collection and Administration and other relevant laws and
in Accordance regulations, as well as applicable laws in overseas operating locations, conscientiously fulfills its tax obliga-
The Company regularly engages external auditors to conduct annual audits of internal controls, resulting in an Internal Control with the tions, and establishes sound tax management systems and processes, clarifying the responsibilities and
Law
Audit Report.The Company’s internal control system is sound, reasonable, and effectively implemented, without any material authorities of each department in tax management to ensure standardized and standardized tax manage-
deficiencies. For more information on the Company’s internal control and internal control audit, please refer to the 2024 ment. The Board of Directors serves as the highest management level to review the Company’s tax strategy.
Annual Report of Hengli Petrochemical Co., Ltd. or company announcements.
In daily tax-related matters, tax management personnel at all levels conduct reviews, and external tax and
Tax Risk
financial intermediary agencies are hired to provide consulting and guidance, effectively reducing tax-related
Preven-
tion risks. To ensure tax compliance, reduce tax risks, and optimize tax management, in 2024, the Company hired
external tax and financial intermediary agencies to conduct tax health checks for the past three years.
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report
hengli.com 25 I 26
REPORT 2024
Tax risk self-inspections are carried out on a regular basis to timely identify and correct potential tax risk issues. Tax supervision is Hengli Petrochemical attaches great importance to the creation of a clean culture and the building of compliance capabilities,
embedded in daily management, making tax management an important part of the Company’s daily operations. The director in and is committed to ensuring fair competition. Key positions and key links personnel sign the Letter of Responsibility for Clean
charge of the finance and tax line and the person in charge of accounting will manage and supervise tax-related matters before, Business Management with the Company to demonstrate their understanding and compliance with the Company’s business
during, and after the events. ethics standards. All senior management personnel and all employees (including interns) are required to participate in
business ethics and anti-corruption related training every year.
The Company continues to strengthen the construction of its tax team, including departmental tax-themed learning, organizing
external on-site training, and online training, promoting a good learning atmosphere internally, enhancing the compliance awareness
of relevant personnel in paying taxes in accordance with the law, and enhancing the compliance ability of tax management.
Company-wide Business Ethics Training
Key Performance
0 During the reporting period, Hengli Petrochemical conducted business ethics education and training for all senior manage-
There were major tax-related litigation and arbitration matter. ment personnel and all employees (including interns) of its subsidiaries.
For the Company’s directors, the Company conducts anti-corruption policy promotion and training through annual summa-
Case ries; for management, key positions, and ordinary employees (including interns), the Company conducts targeted special
training activities such as clean business practices themed training, financial training, and management training, and
Hengli (Huizhou) Industrial Park Held “Talking about New Quality Productivity” Thematic Activity for promotes anti-corruption policies on job-related corruption, bribery acceptance, and other behaviors.
Tax and Enterprise Youth
The event was jointly organized by the Daya Bay District Taxation
Case
Bureau and Hengli Petrochemical (Huizhou) and other companies.
During the event, tax youth provided targeted guidance on tax incen- Hengli (Dalian Changxing Island) Industrial Park Carried out Clean Compliance Education
tives that encourage technological innovation and support enterprise
development based on the actual situation of the enterprises, and In December 2024, Hengli (Dalian Changxing Island) Industrial Park carried out a one-month clean compliance educa-
answered tax-related questions raised by the youth representatives of tion. Enterprise leaders, finance, procurement, main production equipment, and ordinary employees (including interns)
the enterprises in detail. This event built a tax-enterprise youth all received clean compliance education, watched the anti-corruption themed documentary Continuous Efforts, In-depth
exchange platform in the form of team building, proactively delivering Promotion, and consciously accepted ideological education on party discipline and national laws, profoundly warning
precise services to enterprises, and contributing youth wisdom to cadres and employees to be awe-inspiring, cautious, and abide by the bottom line. All employees of Hengli Petrochemi-
fostering the development of new quality productivity. Tax and Enterprise Youth Exchange Tax Incentives cal (including interns) participated in the training online throughout the process.
Adherence to Business Ethics
Business Ethics System Construction
Hengli Petrochemical has always attached great importance to integri-
ty building and anti-corruption, strictly abides by relevant laws and Key Performance
regulations, issued the Business Ethics and Anti-Corruption System
Statement, and formulated the Anti-Corruption and Anti-Commercial 100%
Bribery Management System and other regulations, adhering to a “zero business ethics audits
tolerance” policy towards corruption. As the highest management level
Clean Business Practices Thematic Education and Training
for business ethics matters, the Audit Committee supervises and across all operational locations
regularly reviews the Company’s business ethics and anti-corruption
related matters, and leads the Company to conduct a business ethics Case
audit once a year.
The Internal Audit Department formulates a detailed annual internal Hengli (Huizhou) Industrial Park Carried out Internal Anti-Corruption
audit plan every year, and carries out anti-corruption related audit Key Performance
In October 2024, Hengli (Huizhou) Industrial Park held an important meeting on
activities for major business links such as procurement, sales, logistics,
warehousing, quality inspection, and engineering construction. During refined management and anti-corruption, which was attended by managers at
100%
the reporting period, we conducted audit projects related to business the level of team leader and above. The lecture focused on the two themes of
of suppliers have signed
ethics such as audits of construction projects under construction, how to prevent duty crimes of enterprise employees and strengthen internal
accounts receivable, and procurement activities in various industrial the Letter of Responsibility for Clean information security management, aiming to further consolidate the manage-
parks, with a rectification rate of 89% for identified issues, and will Business Practices. ment foundation, accelerate the process of refined management, strengthen
continue to promote rectification work. During the reporting period, internal anti-corruption, and ensure the sustainable and healthy development
the Company was not involved in any anti-corruption related
of the Company. Internal Anti-Corruption Meeting
litigation.
The Company requires all suppliers to sign the Letter of Responsibility
Note: For more information on business ethics, please refer to the “Sustainable Development Column” at https://www.hengli.com/invest/hlsh?index=4
for Clean Business Practices and sets relevant clauses in the contract,
requiring suppliers to strictly adhere to the bottom line of anti-corrup-
tion and maintaining integrity.
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report
hengli.com 27 I 28
REPORT 2024
Communication with Stakeholders
Whistleblower Protection Mechanism
The Company’s Internal Audit Department is responsible for the overall work of clean reporting. After receiving a report, the
Internal Audit Department conducts a preliminary assessment and classifies and handles it according to the department’s
Information Disclosure Channels
jurisdiction, the nature of the reported matter, the degree of violation, and whether it meets the verification conditions. After
preliminary verification by the investigation team, a handling opinion is formed. Meanwhile, the Company ensures that the
relevant handling results are promptly communicated to the whistleblower and continuously followed up. The Company has formulated the Information Disclosure Management System, the Accountability System of Major Errors in
Annual Report Information Disclosure, and other systems. In accordance with the information disclosure process, it carries out
various information disclosure with high quality, follows the principles of truthfulness, accuracy, completeness, timeliness, and
fairness, guarantees the timeliness and effectiveness of announcement disclosure, and safeguards the legitimate rights and
Key Nodes of the Whistleblowing Process (Strict Confidentiality of
interests of all shareholders. During the reporting period, the Company achieved zero errors in information disclosure.
Whistleblower Information Throughout the Process)
Key Performance
Whistleblowing Whistleblowing Preliminary 68 4
occurrence receipt assessment During the reporting period, the Company disclosed interim announcements and periodic reports.
A
The Company’s information disclosure for 2023-2024 received the highest rating of from the Shanghai Stock
The whistleblower The Internal
reports the matter Audit Depart- After receiving a whistleblowing report, the Internal Exchange.
Audit Department classifies and handles it based on
through whistleblow- ment promptly
the department’s jurisdiction, the nature of the
ing channels receives and
reported matter, the degree of violation, and whether
registers it meets the verification conditions. After preliminary Communication with Investors
whistleblowing
verification, a preliminary handling opinion is formed
matters
The Company attaches great importance to investor relations management, revises and improves the Investor Relations
Management System (Revised in 2023), continuously carries out investor relations management, strengthens continuous,
Report Assistance in In-depth
positive, and effective communication mechanisms with investors, institutions, analysts, news media, and other market forces,
formation investigation investigation
actively responds to reasonable demands of shareholders, continuously promotes the establishment of a long-term, stable,
and mutually trusting relationship between the Company and investors, builds an efficient and transparent communication
platform, enhances investors’ understanding and recognition of the Company, and builds consensus.
Upon completion of the The Internal Audit Department has the The Internal Audit Department
investigation, the Internal right to require departments and personnel conducts in-depth investigations into
Audit Department involved in the investigation to provide whistleblowing matters through
Company Official
compiles a written report explanations and clarifications on matters methods such as visits and surveys,
and handling opinions, related to the investigation. Meanwhile, reviewing materials from the Website, Official
and reports them to the external audit institutions or other investigated units and departments, Wechat Public
Company’s Chairman and institutions and functional departments and materials provided by whistleblow-
Account
relevant management may be hired to assist in the investigation ers and other relevant sources SSE
as needed On-site
E-Interactive
Researches
Platform
Investor
Communication
Channels
Periodic Investor
Reports Hotline and
Whistleblowing Channels Email
Performance
Hotline：0512-63838399 R eporting Address：Victoria Plaza Building B, Floor 31, Gangx-
Briefings
Whistleblowing email：jubao@hengli.com ing Road, Gangxing Community, Renmin Road Subdistrict,
Zhongshan District, Dalian, Liaoning Province
Key Performance
During the reporting period, Hengli Petrochemical received a total of
more than 100 visits for research, participated in 56 brokerage firm
6 strategy meeting roadshows, and held 3 performance briefings, compre-
The Company encourages employees at all levels and companies with business dealings to report various corrupt behaviors
In 2024, the Company held investor hensively strengthening shareholder confidence and ensuring that the
to the Company through telephone, email, letters, and other channels. During the process of accepting and investigating
open exchange meetings and Company’s market capitalization remained at the forefront of the indus-
various whistleblowing reports, the Company strictly keeps confidential the whistleblower’s name, department, company
87 try in 2024.
name, and other information, and strictly prohibits disclosing it to the reported person or their unit. In cases of illegal disclo-
interacted times on the SSE
sure of whistleblower information or retaliation against whistleblowers, serious handling of any retaliatory behavior in accor-
e-interaction platform.
dance with relevant regulations is implemented to provide maximum protection to whistleblowers.
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report
hengli.com 29 I 30
REPORT 2024
Protection of Shareholders’ Rights and Interests
Case
Onsite Performance Briefing The Company attaches great importance to providing reasonable investment returns to investors, strictly implements share-
holder dividend return plans and profit distribution policies in accordance with relevant laws and regulations and other require-
ments, actively rewards investors, and continuously improves investor satisfaction and sense of gain. While taking into account
In May 2024, the general manager, secretary of Board of Directors,
sustainable development, the Company has always maintained a relatively high proportion of cash dividends, and profit
chief financial officer, and independent director of Hengli Petrochemi-
distribution has always been continuous and stable. Since its reorganization and listing in 2016, the Company has distributed
cal actively participated in the live broadcast event of the “2023
a total of RMB 25.539 billion in dividends (including planned dividend amounts for 2024), accounting for 41.52% of cumulative
Annual Report Shanghai Stock Exchange Main Board High Dividend
net profits attributable to shareholders, significantly exceeding the supporting funds raised by the Company from the capital
and Heavy Return Collective Performance Briefing” organized by the
market.
Shanghai Stock Exchange. They interacted and communicated with
investors on the Company’s operating performance, development In addition, to enhance the transparency of the Company’s cash dividends and form a stable shareholder return mechanism,
strategy, and financial indicators for 2023 and the first quarter of its Board of Directors has actively introduced the Five-Year Shareholder Return Plan (2020-2024), which provides a detailed
Shanghai Stock Exchange Main Board High Dividend and
2024, as well as cash dividend plans. plan for its cash dividend policy over the next five years based on factors such as the profitability and business development
Heavy Return Collective Performance Briefing
plans, sharing the Company's growth dividends with investors.
Case
Company Cash Dividend Situation
Live Broadcast Event Let’s Investigate Together
Key Performance 2022 2023 2024
In June 2024, Hengli Petrochemical participated in the live broadcast event Let’s Investigate Together jointly organized
by the Shanghai Stock Exchange and CCTV Finance. Through on-site visits, investors experienced up close a Cash Dividend Per Share (RMB) / 0.55 0.45
world-class petrochemical park that is “excellent internally and beautiful externally”. In the investor exchange session,
the Company’s general manager, secretary of Board of Directors, chief financial officer, and deputy general manager in Total Cash Dividends Distributed (Tax Included)
200,023.95 387,150.49 316,759.49
charge of production engaged in face-to-face and frank communication with investors on operating conditions, (RMB 10,000)
financial indicators, project progress, ESG, dividend plans, and other aspects, providing sufficient answers and achiev-
ing good communication effects. Proportion to Net Profit Attributable to Shareholders of the
86.27 56.07 44.97
Listed Company in Consolidated Financial Statements (%)
Note: The amount of cash dividends distributed in 2022 includes the amount of cash used to repurchase shares, which is included in cash dividends.
In the future, as projects under construction are successively completed and put into operation, the Company will combine
actual operating conditions and development plans, coordinate the dynamic balance between business development, perfor-
mance growth, and shareholder returns, continuously improve the “long-term, stable, and sustainable” shareholder value
return mechanism, allow shareholders to truly experience the Company’s development achievements, and enhance the sense
of gain of investors.
Investor Investigation Activities The event Let’s Investigate Together
02
Energy Conservation &
Climate Change Response 33
Environmental Compliance Management 39
Pollutant Emissions Control 41 Sustainable Green
Water Resource Management 47
Clean Technological Opportunities 49 Development
Ecosystem and Biodiversity Protection 50
hengli.com 33 I 34
Climate Change Response
CCUS/CCU Strategy and Implementation Plan
Based on the characteristics of the petrochemical industry, Hengli Petrochemical is mainly committed to the chemical utilization of
CO2. It plans to achieve the recycling and utilization of 480,000 tons of CO2 by 2030 through a series of new projects. The specific
As a benchmark enterprise in the petrochemical industry, Hengli Petrochemical is fully aware of the vital significance of responding to
implementation plan is as follows:
climate change for protecting the global environment, promoting economic stability, and achieving social equity, and actively
responds to the global call to address climate change. Adhering to the concept of green development, the Company is committed to
reducing greenhouse gas emissions, improving energy efficiency, and promoting the application of clean energy through technologi- Adoption of CO2 to Produce Raw Materials for New Energy Battery Electrolytes
cal innovation. We have adopted a series of emission reduction measures to actively respond to the challenges brought by climate
A CO₂ flash evaporation system was added to the coal-to-hydrogen low-temperature methanol washing process,
change and contribute to the global low-carbon economic transformation.
delivering high-purity CO₂ gas with over 98% concentration to the DMC production unit as feedstock for manufac-
turing electronic-grade DMC, PC and other chemical products. The system was put into operation in April 2024
Climate Risk Management and has cumulatively achieved resource utilization of over 80,000 tons of CO₂ for chemical production.
Risk Management
Governance Hengli Petrochemical attaches great importance to the risks posed by climate change and has established a comprehensive climate
change risk assessment and management system. We regularly conduct climate change scenario analysis and stress tests to identify
In terms of governance, Hengli Petrochemical has always adhered to high-end, intelligent, and green development, and and evaluate potential impacts of climate change on our operations, financial conditions, supply chain and other aspects, while formu-
continuously carried out climate change governance, regarding climate change-related governance as one of the core issues lating corresponding response measures.
of sustainable development strategies. During the reporting period, we have established a scientific governance structure and
clarified the division of responsibilities at all levels. Climate Change Risk Identification
The Company has established a climate change governance system led by the Board of Directors. The Board members have
deep industry experience, are able to accurately identify and manage risks, ensure the effectiveness of climate risk manage-
ment, and formulate climate action strategies suitable for its long-term development. Risk Category Risk Description Countermeasures
Extreme weather events such as typhoons, heavy rainfall
and floods may significantly impact our production The Company closely monitors extreme weather
operations, including risks like equipment damage, warnings, develops scientific and effective emergency
transportation disruptions and supply chain interruptions plans, enhances emergency drills, regularly inspects
Acute Risks that could reduce output and increase operational costs, production facilities, promptly upgrades equipment to
thereby compressing profit margins. Moreover, extreme eliminate potential hazards, and maintains adequate
weather may trigger secondary disasters or production disaster prevention supplies.
accidents, threatening personnel safety and ecological
environment while causing economic losses that further
increase operational expenditures.
The Company encourages subsidiaries to identify regional
climate risks and vulnerabilities while incorporating
climate response measures into infrastructure develop-
Chronic risks from global warming such as rising average ment. Furthermore, we intensify R&D and application of
temperatures, sea level increases and precipitation pattern Chronic Risks green low-carbon technologies, improve resource
changes may lead to higher operational costs, increased
utilization efficiency, gradually reduce dependence on
equipment maintenance expenses, and additional
natural resources, and regularly conduct climate change
investments required for energy structure adjustments.
awareness education for stakeholders to promote
low-carbon environmental concepts.
Under the “Carbon Peaking and Carbon Neutrality” policy We vigorously implement various energy-saving measures
background, increasingly stringent government carbon and have developed a CCU strategy and implementation
Policy and Legal Risks emission requirements for the petrochemical industry are plan, proposing a series of new projects to reduce
leading to higher corporate investments in energy-saving greenhouse gas emissions and promote green low-carbon
technological upgrades and compliance management development.
costs.
Strategy
With global heightened focus on climate change and
We persistently drive R&D and production of low-carbon
Hengli Petrochemical actively responds to the national “dual carbon strategy” and integrates the green and low-carbon sustainability, consumer preferences are gradually shifting
Market Risks products while continuously enhancing clean energy
development concept into its development strategy. When formulating overall development strategies and making major toward green low-carbon products and services. This trend product and service capabilities.
may impact enterprise operational costs and revenues.
decisions, the Company attaches great importance to the goals of the Paris Agreement, the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable
Development, and other international conventions and relevant dual carbon policies of the Chinese government, conducts
To meet technological requirements for low-carbon We actively develop carbon management training
research and analysis on the impact of relevant policies, and helps the Company better grasp development opportunities and
economic transition, the Company needs to continuously programs, focusing on cultivating internal carbon
avoid risks. Technology Risks strengthen energy conservation and renewable energy management professionals to establish talent foundations
utilization, implying higher R&D costs. for green low-carbon development.
In the industrial production process, the Company strictly adheres to laws and regulations such as the Measures for the
Management of Carbon Emission Trading (Trial) and the Guidelines for the Accounting and Reporting of Greenhouse Gas
We emphasize cooperation and communication with
Emissions from China's Petrochemical Enterprises (Trial), and has formulated the Carbon Emission Management System, the Reputation Risks As stakeholders increasingly focus on corporate climate stakeholders, actively addressing their concerns through
actions, companies must take relevant measures to avoid
Greenhouse Gas Management Procedures, and other systems to standardize greenhouse gas emission management, actively multiple channels.
reputational impacts.
explore alternative paths for fossil energy sources such as coal, oil, and natural gas, and is committed to reducing greenhouse
gas emissions.
Physical
Risks
Transformational
Risks
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report
REPORT 2024
● As the highest leadership, the Board of Directors has
ultimate responsibility for climate change-related risks
Decision-making and opportunities.
Level
● The Board of Directors has established a Strategy
and Sustainable Development Committee, which is
responsible for overseeing ESG management,
including climate risk identification, assessment,
Management Level and management, and regularly reports to the
Board of Directors on climate change topics.
The main responsible persons
(general managers) of each subsid-
iary and the leaders of each
department internally form a
carbon management leading ● Composed of personnel from the
group, which is responsible Implementation Level Safety and Environmental Protection
for supervising and Department and other relevant
guiding the Company’s departments, responsible for
daily carbon emission organizing and carrying out carbon
management. emission monitoring, carbon
Climate Risk Governance Framework emission data management
and verification, as well as
training and publicity.
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report
hengli.com 35 I 36
REPORT 2024
Indicator and Objective
Hengli Petrochemical proactively fulfills climate change responsibilities, commits to promoting low-carbon transition, and
supports national carbon peaking and carbon neutrality targets. In 2024, referencing international climate action target-set-
ting methods and climate-related initiatives, Hengli Petrochemical established climate-related indicators and targets based
on operational conditions. Moving forward, we will continue to take green development as our foundation and responsibility
as our duty, working with all parties toward a harmonious future between humanity and nature.
Hengli Petrochemical Climate Targets Hengli Petrochemical (Dalian) Energy Hengli Petrochemical Refining
Efficiency Frontrunner Energy Efficiency Frontrunner
Target Type Carbon management objectives
Carbon Peaking 2030
1 1
Carbon Neutrality 2060 No. in purified terephthalic acid industry No. in paraxylene industry
By 2026, energy-saving projects are expected to reduce emissions by no less than 1 million tons of
CO2 Emission Reduction CO₂ cumulatively. Unit product energy consumption Unit product energy consumption
Carbon Emission Intensity Reduction Projected 1 percentage point decrease in carbon emission intensity per unit output value by 2026. 25.99 200.14
Considering
Cumulative additional CO₂ recovery and utilization of 160,000 tons by end-2026, projected kgce/t kgoe/t
CO2 Recovery and Utilization 2024 as 480,000 tons by 2030.
baseline year
Green Electricity Usage Scale Projected cumulative additional green electricity usage of 2 million MWh annually (wind power) by
2028.
Projected achievement of 100% renewable energy coverage across all major production and
Green Energy Coverage Rate
operational units by 2030.
Hengli Petrochemical Chemical
Energy Efficiency Frontrunner
Actions in Climate Risk
1 2
No. in ethylene industry (using naphtha as feedstock) No. in ethylene glycol industry (using
ethylene as feedstock)
Energy Management System
Unit product energy consumption Unit product energy consumption
544.27 321.40
In compliance with national energy laws and regulations including the Energy Conservation Law of the People’s Republic of
kgoe/t kgoe/t
China, the Electric Power Law of the People’s Republic of China and the Energy Standardization Management Measures, the
Company has established internal management systems such as the Energy Management System and Energy Targets, Indica-
tors and Management Plan System to strengthen energy management and continuously improve energy conservation.
We have established a scientific energy management system where subsidiaries form energy management committees
(energy conservation leadership groups) led by general managers/management representatives, with technical optimization
departments (management offices) serving as energy conservation authorities, and all departments carrying out relevant
work according to energy management system requirements.
An annual energy conservation target management system was built, decomposing and setting annual energy consumption
quota targets for production units/facilities, evaluating monthly energy consumption target completion, supervising imple-
mentation of energy optimization improvements to ensure efficient system operation, and conducting regular energy perfor-
mance assessments to ensure departmental accountability and continuous improvement of energy performance goals.
During the reporting period, Hengli Petrochemical’s ISO50001 energy management system certification and GB/T23331
energy management system certification had covered six major subsidiaries including Hengke Advanced Materials and
Kanghui New Material.
In July 2024, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, National Development and Reform Commission and State
Administration for Market Regulation announced the 2023 List of Energy Efficiency “Frontrunner” Enterprises in Key Industries,
with Hengli Petrochemical Chemical, Hengli Petrochemical Refining and Hengli Petrochemical (Dalian) consecutively making
the list for four years, winning energy efficiency championships in ethylene, paraxylene and purified terephthalic acid indus-
tries, while ethylene glycol also led industry energy efficiency. Hengke Advanced Materials Hengli Petrochemical (Huizhou) Kanghui New Material Hengli Petrochemical Hengli Petrochemical Chemical
Refining (Dalian)
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report
hengli.com 37 I 38
REPORT 2024
Case
GHG Emissions 2023 2024
Compressor Waste Heat Heating Retrofit
Greenhouse Gas Emissions Scope 1 (tCO2e) 31,167,270.46 47,201,832.47 To maximize energy utilization and lower operational costs, Hengli (Nantong) Industrial Park upgraded its residential
boiler heating system, replacing biomass pellet combustion with waste heat from industrial compressors. Upon
measurement, the project saves 2,970 tons of biomass pellets annually, equivalent to 1,871 tons of standard coal.
Greenhouse Gas Emissions Scope 2 (tCO2e) 1,677,849.77 6,718,552.07
Greenhouse Gas Emission Intensity (tCO2e/RMB million) 139.89 228.21
Note 1: Based on operational characteristics, the Company's greenhouse gas emissions mainly come from direct emissions (Scope 1) including fossil fuel combustion and
Case
industrial processes, and indirect emissions (Scope 2) from net purchased electricity and heat.
Note 2: The above statistical data covers Hengli Petrochemical (Dalian), Hengli Petrochemical Refining, Hengli Chemical, Hengli Petrochemical (Dalian) New Material, Kanghui
New Material, Susheng Thermal Power, Hengke Advanced Materials, Jiangsu Xuanda, Deli Chemical Fiber, and Hengli Petrochemical (Huizhou). Tail Gas Scrubbing System Optimization
Note 3: Carbon emission intensity = Greenhouse gas emissions/Operating revenue
Hengli Petrochemical (Huizhou) optimized two tail gas scrubbing systems by introducing a chemical agent to absorb CO₂
from emissions, converting it into sodium carbonate for reuse in production. This reduces annual CO₂ emissions by about
1,600 tons while lowering costs.
Energy Management Initiatives
Energy Energy
Energy-Saving
structure information
technological Case
adjustment management
upgrades
Novel Ethylene Cracker Furnace Tube Upgrade
Gradually reduce reliance on The Company plans to achieve Continuously enhance the energy
traditional fossil fuels such as coal energy conservation and management system by develop- The NH1949 high-temperature alloy furnace tubes with anti-coking properties were put into operation in the No. 10
by optimizing energy consump- consumption reduction goals by ing an intelligent energy service cracker of Hengli Petrochemical Chemical’s 1.5 million-ton/year ethylene unit, marking its ethylene cracker furnace
tion structures through the use of optimizing process operating platform for real-time monitoring tubes as globally leading. This domestically produced furnace tube will significantly reduce carbon emissions and opera-
biomass, natural gas, and other parameters, partially retrofitting and analysis of energy consump- tional costs. Applied to the 64 W furnace type, Hengli Petrochemical Chemical was selected by the National Develop-
alternatives. equipment, and implementing tion data, optimizing energy ment and Reform Commission as one of China’s first pilot units for this technology, with expected annual benefits
exceeding RMB 7.437 million and annual CO₂ reduction of 869 tons.
waste heat recovery projects. management measures, and
improving energy efficiency.
Energy Conservation and Emission Reduction
Case
Case
Energy Conservation Awareness Enhancement Campaign
Esterification Steam Waste Heat Recovery
Kanghui New Material installed new electric chillers to replace some of the original lithium bromide chillers, reducing
energy costs. After implementation, the project saves approximately RMB 11 million annually in steam and electricity
costs, with an estimated reduction of 3,500 tons of standard coal equivalent in comprehensive energy consumption per
year.
Case
M-921 Efficiency Optimization
Hengli Petrochemical (Huizhou) modified its tail gas drying system by discontinuing E1/2-920B and switching to
Energy Conservation and Emission Reduction Education
low-pressure steam for heating, reducing medium- and high-pressure steam usage. This adjustment allows one heat
exchanger to be shut down while maintaining original performance, cutting CO₂ emissions by 3,435.72 tons annually.
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report
hengli.com 39 I 40
REPORT 2024
Environmental Compliance Management Environmental Management System Certification
Environmental Management System During the reporting period, the Company and its manufacturing subsidiaries involved have 6 companies that have passed the
ISO 14001 Environmental Management System Certification.
Hengli Petrochemical recognizes that environmental management is not only a reflection of enterprise social responsibility but
also a core pillar of sustainability. We understand that every effort to protect the environment is a commitment to the future,
and every act of ecological respect is a gift to future generations. Adhering to the development philosophy of “Green Hengli,
Ecological Hengli, Harmonious Hengli”, we drive innovation-led green growth to fulfill our environmental mission, contributing
to clear skies and a beautiful homeland.
We strictly comply with laws and regulations such as the Environmental Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China, Water
Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People’s Republic of China, Air Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People’s
Republic of China, and Environmental Impact Assessment Law of the People’s Republic of China. Subsidiaries formulate HSE
systems like the Environmental Protection Management System, Environmental Protection Management Assessment System,
and Environmental Monitoring Management System tailored to their operations, ensuring rigorous environmental manage-
ment. Meanwhile, the Company has established an environmental protection organizational structure, promoted environmen-
tal protection management, further enhanced the construction of the environmental management system, and is committed
to building a modern enterprise that saves resources and is environmentally friendly.
Safety and Environmental
Inspection Center
Protection Department
Organize the implementation of Carry out environmental monitoring
environmental protection policies and statistically analyze monitor data
and guidelines and supervise
environmental monitoring
Environmental
Management
Structure
Various Departments Various Workshops
Publicize and implement environmen- Implement related clean production in
Environmental Certification of Some Subsidiaries
tal protection policies and carry out the workshop
environmental protection
Honors
Case Six factories under the Company have been awarded the national “Green Factory” title, including Hengli
Petrochemical (Dalian), Hengli Petrochemical Refining, Hengli Chemical Fiber, Hengke Advanced Materials,
Emergency Plan Training for Sudden Environmental Incidents Hengli Petrochemical Chemical, and Kanghui New Material; Deli Chemical Fiber was awarded the “Jiangsu
Green Factory” title.
Hengli Petrochemical prioritizes the prevention and response to
environmental emergencies, establishing a comprehensive contin-
gency system with regular specialized training. Through simulations
and case studies, we enhance employees’ risk identification and
emergency response capabilities, ensuring swift and effective control
during incidents. The Company is also equipped with advanced
monitoring equipment and emergency supplies, and cooperates with
external professional institutions to optimize the scientificity and
operability of emergency response plans.
Site of Emergency Drill for Sudden Environmental Incidents
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report
REPORT 2024 hengli.com 41 I 42
Pollutant Emissions Control
The Company has established a comprehensive and efficient pollution prevention and control management system. Through regular
monitoring and supervision mechanisms, it ensures that pollutants such as waste gas, wastewater, and waste generated during
production and operation meet the requirements of national laws and regulations and local laws and regulations where the factories
are located.
To promote green transformation and sustainable development of the enterprise and meet the expectations of investors and
stakeholders, the Company has formulated environmental protection goals and action measures for 2030 based on pollutant
emissions and environmental management in 2024, combined with industry standards and policy requirements.
Environmental Targets
Annual reduction Annual reduction Annual reduction Annual reduction Annual reduction Zero environmen-
in chemical in ammonia in sulfur dioxide in nitrogen oxide in emissions of tal negative
oxygen demand nitrogen emissions by no emissions by no toxic and harmful incidents
(COD) emissions emissions by no less than 1% less than 1% air pollutants maintained
by no less than less than 1% such as mercury,
1% arsenic, and lead
by no less than
1 2 3 4 5 6
1%
Environmental Impact Assessment and Audit
Actions in Pollutant Reduction
The Company has always regarded environmental protection as one of the core strategies for sustainability. To ensure compli-
ance with environmental protection laws and regulations during production and operation and continuously improve environ-
mental management, the Company regularly conducts comprehensive environmental audits on all operational sites.
During the reporting period, we conducted multiple environmental audits, covering 100% of operational sites, cooperating
For COD
with professional auditors to conduct investigations in terms of environmental regulations and compliance, pollutant
emissions, and resource utilization, and implemented rectifications for all identified issues, with a rectification rate of 100%. Optimize wastewater treatment processes to improve treatment efficiency; strengthen wastewater reuse to
reduce discharge.
In addition, the Company attaches importance to environmental management system certification, hiring external third-party
certification bodies to conduct annual surveillance audits of the Company’s ISO 14001 Environmental Management System,
and also conducted expansion audits during the reporting period. At present, the Company and its manufacturing subsidiar- For ammonia nitrogen
ies involved have 6 companies that have obtained ISO 14001 Environmental Management System Certification, covering
Enhance wastewater pretreatment to remove pollutants such as ammonia nitrogen; improve ammonia nitrogen
100% of operational sites.
removal efficiency of wastewater treatment facilities.
For sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxides
Optimize combustion processes to reduce generation of sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxides; strengthen operation
Indicator Unit 2024 management of flue gas desulfurization and denitrification facilities.
Total Environmental Investment RMB 100 million 3.75
For toxic and hazardous air pollutants
Environmental Incidents Case 0
Strengthen raw material management to reduce use of toxic and hazardous substances; enhance waste gas
Incidents of Violation of Laws and Regulations in the Environmental Field Case 0 purification treatment.
Compliance Rate Observed in Pollutant Monitoring % 100
Operation Rate of Environmental Protection Facilities % 100 For water emissions
Compliance Rate of “Three Simultaneities” in Environmental Protection for Construction Projects % 100 Optimize production processes to reduce water consumption; strengthen wastewater reuse and recycling.
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report
REPORT 2024 hengli.com 43 I 44
Management of Wastewater Management of Waste Gas
Hengli Petrochemical places high importance on whole-process control of wastewater management. Through advanced In terms of waste gas management, we strictly follow laws and regulations such as the Law of the People’s Republic of China
wastewater treatment technologies and refined management methods, we ensure full compliance of wastewater discharge on the Prevention and Control of Atmospheric Pollution, formulate relevant management systems such as the Waste Gas
standards. The Company strictly complies with laws and regulations such as the Law of the People‘s Republic of China on the Emission Management System and the Pollutant Emission Management System, and build efficient waste gas collection and
Prevention and Control of Water Pollution. All subsidiaries have formulated the Wastewater Pollutant Management Measures treatment devices. Advanced technologies such as low-nitrogen combustion, catalytic oxidation, and adsorption purification
(Implementation Rules) to strengthen wastewater management. are adopted to ensure that pollutants are discharged up to standard. Meanwhile, we continue to optimize the technological
process, promote the replacement of clean energy, and improve the green level of the production process. In addition, the
Company has established a real-time online monitoring system to dynamically analyze emission data and relies on an intelli-
gent management platform to achieve continuous improvement in environmental performance.
Indicator Unit 2024
The waste gas emissions during the production and operation of the Company mainly come from organized emissions in the
Wastewater Emissions Ton 26,303,994.81 factory production process. The main pollutants include volatile organic compounds (VOCs) in process waste gas, as well as
sulfur dioxide (SO2) and nitrogen oxides (NOx) in flue gas from gas-fired boilers. During the reporting period, the waste gas
Wastewater Emissions Intensity Ton/RMB 1 million 111.33
generated by the Company was discharged up to standard after treatment by environmental protection facilities.
COD Emissions Ton 663.33
Ammonia Nitrogen Emissions Ton 3.29
Total Phosphorus Emissions Ton 3.54
Indicator Unit 2024
Total Nitrogen Emissions Ton 152.96
Sulfur Dioxide (SO2) Emissions Ton 1,877.62
Note: For discharge status of subsidiaries listed as key environmental supervision units by environmental protection authorities, please refer to Hengli Petrochemi-
cal’s 2024 Annual Report. Nitrogen Oxides (NOx) Emissions Ton 4,466.01
Particulate Matter Emissions Ton 440.46
Relying on intelligent monitoring platforms and high-standard treatment processes, we optimize resource utilization from
production sources and achieve wastewater reduction through closed-loop water circulation systems. For treatment, we Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs) Emissions Ton 695.34
adopt internationally leading pretreatment, biological treatment and advanced purification technologies to ensure wastewa-
ter discharge fully exceeds national standards. The Company has established a dynamic monitoring mechanism, conducting Note: For discharge status of subsidiaries listed as key environmental supervision units by environmental protection authorities, please refer to Hengli
regular internal water quality testing and third-party compliance audits. Through data transparency and problem traceability Petrochemical’s 2024 Annual Report.
management, we continuously improve governance efficiency.
Case
During the reporting period, wastewater discharge from the Company and its subsidiaries all met national treatment
standards. We have further increased our wastewater reuse rate to industry-leading levels, demonstrating our commitment to
Activated Carbon Tail Gas Purification Equipment Renovation
“cherishing every drop of water” through concrete actions.
Kanghui New Material upgraded the spray tower tail gas technology in the PET-X and PET-Y workshops, adding a
Case set of activated carbon tail gas purification equipment. The original single washing tower treatment process was
upgraded to advanced technology with three-stage demisting and two-stage activated carbon adsorption
Ecological Monitoring devices, effectively adsorbing and removing harmful gases, volatile organic compounds (VOCs), and other pollut-
ants in the tail gas, and converting them into harmless substances before discharge.
The sewage treatment plant in Hengli (Dalian Changxing Island) Industrial Park applies embedded integrated
sewage treatment technology. The COD of the treated sewage is below 15mg/L, which is far better than the
national standard. The reclaimed water reuse rate exceeds 80%. The industrial production water in the plant
Case
undergoes multiple purification processes and is tested for water quality treatment effects through aquatic plants
and ornamental fish bioindicators to achieve safe wastewater discharge. RTO Waste Gas Treatment Device in Sewage Treatment Plant
The RTO waste gas treatment device in the Sewage Treatment
Case Plant of Hengli Petrochemical Refining has completed optimi-
zation and transformation work and was successfully put into
Heat Medium Regeneration Wastewater Treatment
operation. As a part of energy conservation, environmental
protection, and green development of the Sewage Treatment
Hengli Chemical Fiber has completed the liquid phase heat medium regeneration treatment of the EFG zone heat Plant, this device plays an important role in the treatment of
medium system. This heat medium regeneration adopts a new process, using vacuum distillation methods to low-concentration and high-volume organic waste gas. With a
simultaneously separate and remove light and heavy components. A simple cooling and collection device is added purification efficiency exceeding 99%, it can treat 18,000 m3/h
to the wastewater generated by the regeneration equipment to enable wastewater recycling and significantly of waste gas. Over the past two years of operation, it has
reduce wastewater generation. reduced VOCs emissions by nearly 500 tons.
Sewage Treatment Plant of Hengli Petrochemical Refining
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report
hengli.com 45 I 46
REPORT 2024
Management of Solid Waste Circular Economy
Hengli Petrochemical consistently attaches great importance to the management of solid waste and has formulated the Solid Hengli Petrochemical upholds the core philosophy of green recycling and sustainable development, continuously exploring
Waste Management System to continuously optimize its management processes. Adhering to the principles of “reduction, and putting into practice innovative approaches. By adopting industry-leading green product design technologies, we strive
resource utilization, and harmless treatment,” we have established rigorous procedures for classified collection, standardized to reduce environmental impact at the source and promote the transformation of our products toward greener and more
storage, and scientific disposal of solid waste. We actively introduce advanced resource recycling technologies to promote the circular models.
circular utilization of waste.
We have successfully built and operated multiple efficient and intelligent systems for energy and waste recycling. These
Case
systems have significantly advanced the reduction, recycling, and harmless treatment of solid waste, thereby enhancing
resource utilization efficiency and substantially reducing environmental pollution. In addition, we regularly conduct training
Innovative R2R Process Leading the Green Circular Economy for PTA Residue
sessions on waste reduction and emergency drills to ensure full compliance with waste management regulations and to
strengthen employees’ environmental awareness and sense of responsibility.
Hengli Petrochemical successfully launched the world’s first
residue recovery system in the PTA industry—known as the
R2R unit—which enables in-depth recovery and treatment of
Key Performance oxidation residues. Since the implementation of this project,
the amount of solid waste generated during the PTA produc-
tion process has been significantly reduced. The R2R unit can
General solid waste generated general solid waste disposed recover approximately 14,000 tons of benzoic acid and around
3,343,982.76 3,343,923.46 3,000 tons of CMB (catalyst) annually, effectively minimizing
tons tons solid waste generation while maximizing resource utilization.
PTA Residue Recovery and Recycling Project
hazardous waste generated hazardous waste disposed
Case
148,360.38 147,167.31
tons tons Waste Liquid Incinerator Accelerating the Harmless Disposal of Solid Waste
The waste liquid incinerator at Hengli Petrochemical Chemical
Factory adopts a high-temperature thermal oxidation process
that effectively decomposes organic compounds in waste gas
Case and liquid, while minimizing the formation of NOx. NOx is
further converted into nitrogen through SNCR and SCR
Hazardous Waste Safety Training reactions. The heat generated from incineration is recovered
by a waste heat boiler, which produces high-pressure super-
To enhance employees' awareness and skills in hazardous waste heated steam at 440°C and 3.6 MPa for use in the high-pres-
management and ensure the safe disposal of hazardous waste, sure steam pipeline network.
Hengli (Dalian Changxing Island) Industrial Park organized a Waste Liquid Incinerator Unit
hazardous waste safety training session. The training focused on
the fundamentals of solid waste and hazardous waste manage-
Case
ment, with several internal and external experts invited to deliver
lectures. The training covered key aspects such as the classifica-
Overhead Off-Gas Waste Heat Cooling Project
tion, labeling, collection, storage, transportation, and disposal of
hazardous waste. It also incorporated real-world case studies to
Hengli Chemical Fiber's waste heat cooling project efficiently utilizes waste heat from the overhead vapor of the
explain relevant laws, regulations, and standards pertaining to
esterification column in the polyester unit. Through heat exchangers, the waste vapor is converted into hot water,
hazardous waste management. Hazardous Waste Safety Training Session in Progress
which serves as the heat source for chillers. This project makes effective and rational use of existing energy
resources and achieves significant energy savings. Currently, 6 sets of waste heat cooling systems have been put
into operation in the polyester department.
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report
hengli.com 47 I 48
REPORT 2024
Water Resource Management
Water Conservation and Management
We strictly comply with the Water Law of the People's Republic of China and other relevant laws and regulations, and have formulated
water resource management systems such as the Water Conservation Management System, the Water Usage Statistics Management The Company places great emphasis on enhancing water-saving awareness and standardizing water management, integrat-
System, and the Water Metering Management System based on applicable legal and regulatory requirements. These measures aim to ing it as a key component of its sustainability management system. To raise awareness among all employees, the Company
continuously strengthen water management, optimize water usage structure, and minimize water consumption at the source, thereby regularly conducts water-saving awareness campaigns and training sessions. These efforts include the use of internal publica-
reducing operational risks associated with water scarcity. tions, promotional posters, and themed activities to disseminate water conservation knowledge, promote the concept of
green water usage, and foster a culture of active participation in water-saving initiatives. Furthermore, the Company incorpo-
Management Structure of Water Resource rates water conservation targets into departmental performance evaluations. A clear incentive and accountability system for
water management has been established, linking performance assessments to water-saving responsibilities to ensure
effective implementation.
To ensure the orderly and standardized implementation of water conservation efforts, the Company has actively established
Case
and continuously improved its water resource management structure. The Chairman oversees the overall management of
water resources, while the General Manager and Deputy General Manager are responsible for the strategic direction and
Water Conservation Awareness Training
performance supervision of water resource management.
Water usage indicators are also incorporated into the performance evaluations of the heads of each subsidiary, reinforcing the
In response to the national call for water conservation, Hengli Chemical Fiber launched the “Water Saving Starts
implementation of water resource management across all aspects of production and daily operations.
with Me” employee awareness program. A series of training and educational activities—including water conserva-
At the beginning of each year, subsidiaries formulate corresponding annual water intake plans and monthly allocation sched-
tion lectures and micro-education initiatives—were organized. More than 6,000 employees participated, covering
ules. A dedicated water conservation management department monitors water usage, conducts regular benchmarking and
over 80% of the workforce.
analysis, and reports the analysis results to the Company's senior management.
Actions in Water Conservation
Indicator Unit 2024
Technological Water-Saving Measures Total Freshwater Consumption 10,000 tons 13,331.88
The Company actively implements water-saving initiatives, with technological efforts focused on process and equipment Quantity of Municipal Water Purchased 10,000 tons 298.63
optimization, water recycling, water balance testing, and intelligent management.
Surface Water Withdrawal 10,000 tons 12,969.43
Ground Water Withdrawal 10,000 tons 63.81
Through a series of technological innovations, optimizations, and equipment upgrades, the Company Total Water Consumption 10,000 tons 88,067.75
achieves water savings at the source.
Water Consumption Intensity tons/RMB 1 million 3,727.37
● Seawater Closed-Circuit Cooling System: Replacing traditional open cooling towers, the system in Hengli (Dalian Changxing Island)
Process and Industrial Park saves 9,900 tons of industrial water per hour. Recycled Water Consumption 10,000 tons 125,468.64
Equipment
● Low-Temperature Waste Heat Seawater Desalination Technology: Hengli (Dalian Changxing Island) Industrial Park produces 35 Annual Water Saved via Reclaimed Water Facilities 10,000 tons 3,427.37
Optimization million tons of freshwater annually using this technology.
● Optimized Heat Exchange Network: Recovering low-grade heat for use in by-product steam production or desalinated water Reclaimed Water Reuse Rate % 75.30
heating, thereby reducing the demand for cooling water.
Note 1: Reclaimed Water Reuse Rate = (Wastewater Treated – Wastewater Discharged) / Wastewater Treated × 100%.
Note 2: Data covers Hengli Petrochemical (Dalian), Hengli Petrochemical Refining, Hengli Petrochemical Chemical, Hengli Petrochemical (Dalian) New Material,
● Reclaimed Water Treatment Unit in the Water Treatment System: The sewage treatment plant is equipped with a specialized RO Kanghui New Material, Susheng Thermal Power, Hengke Advanced Materials, Jiangsu Xuanda, Deli Chemical Fiber, and Hengli Petrochemical (Huizhou).
concentrate treatment line composed of “ozone + denitrification biofilter + aerated biofilter + post-ozone + V-shaped filter + activated
carbon filter,” ensuring that all treated wastewater can be directed into the reclaimed water unit.
Water Recycling ● Reclaimed Water Reuse: Wastewater from cooling systems, air conditioning systems, and desalination units is collected,
categorized, and treated for reuse. The overall reuse rate exceeds 75%, significantly reducing the consumption of fresh water. Hengli Petrochemical Refining – Industry Leader in Water Efficiency
1
Unit water withdrawal per product
● Regular Water Balance Assessments: The Company regularly conducts water balance testing, including inspections for leaks in the Ranked No. 99.96
water supply network, to promptly detect and control anomalies. in modern coal chemical industry 1.12 Water recycling rate %
m3/t (primarily seawater）
● Optimization Plans: Based on the results of water balance testing, targeted water-saving rectification and optimization plans are
Water Balance developed.
Testing 1 Unit water withdrawal per product
Ranked No. 98.69
in petroleum refining industry 0.174 Water recycling rate
%
● Installation of Flow Meters and Online Analyzers: Real-time monitoring of water flow and quality helps quickly identify and resolve m3/t
issues, ensuring the efficient use of water resources.
● Extensive Use of Data Analysis Tools: Water usage data is analyzed to identify potential areas for water savings, providing a scientific
Intelligent basis for decision-making and further optimizing water resource recycling and utilization.
Management
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report
hengli.com 49 I 50
REPORT 2024
Clean Technological Opportunities Ecosystem and Biodiversity Protection
Amid the sweeping transformation of industrial structures driven by China’s “dual carbon” goals, Hengli Petrochemical has proactively Ecosystem Protection
embraced the clean energy transition with a forward-looking perspective. The Company regards green technological innovation as a
core engine for driving high-quality development.
The Company strictly adheres to national laws and industry regulations related to land management, such as the Law of the
People's Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Soil Pollution. An annual environmental monitoring plan is
developed, and qualified third-party environmental monitoring agencies are commissioned to conduct groundwater
Indicator Unit 2024 sampling and testing every six months, and soil sampling and testing annually. In addition, to strengthen the identification
and assessment of potential soil and groundwater risks, the Company has internally established the Soil Risk Identification
PV Generation kWh 167,314,264.28 and Remediation Responsibility System and formed an Environmental Hazard Identification and Remediation Task Force to
regularly carry out internal risk assessments. During the reporting period, the compliance rate of characteristic pollutant
Wind Power kWh 49,555,000.00
monitoring in soil and groundwater at all Hengli Petrochemical operating sites reached 100%.
Biogas Power Generation kWh 149,663.00
Case
Biomass Fuel tce 297,351.85
Total Renewable Energy Consumption tce 324,023.02 Ecological Buffer Zone for Treated Effluent in the Hengli (Nantong) Industrial Park Environ-
mental Protection Project Officially Commissioned
The ecological buffer zone project for treated effluent in the
Case
Hengli (Nantong) Industrial Park Environmental Protection
Project was designed with full consideration of ecological
PV Power Generation
balance and environmental protection principles, focusing on
the preservation and restoration of natural ecosystems. The
Kanghui New Material has utilized the existing plant rooftops and
system adopts the “three lows and two highs” approach:
parking areas to collaborate with State Power Investment Corpora-
utilizing the height differences among five pools to create
tion in constructing the largest PV power generation project in
flowing water that increases dissolved oxygen levels; using an
Liaoning Province. In 2024, the project generated a total of 45.4554
automatic irrigation system to spray treated effluent onto
million kWh of electricity, equivalent to 5,586.47 tons of standard
coal, and reduced CO₂ emissions by approximately 15,363 tons. terrestrial plants; and improving water quality through plant Ecological Buffer Zone for Treated Effluent in the
root filtration, as well as the decomposition of ammonia, Environmental Protection Project
PV Power Generation System Installed on the Rooftop of
nitrogen, and other substances by aquatic plants and microbial communities. Additionally, aquatic plants and
Kanghui New Material Plant
ornamental fish serve as bioindicators to evaluate the effectiveness of water treatment. The commissioning of this
project marks a solid step forward in the ecological development of the Nantong Industrial Park.
Case
Integrated PV-Storage-Charging Facility Biodiversity Conservation
At the Hengli (Nantong) Industrial Park, the total installed PV capacity
has reached 106.5 MW, with over 100 million kWh of green electricity Hengli Petrochemical places great importance on biodiversity conservation by adopting green production processes and
generated annually, resulting in a reduction of 60,000 tons of carbon efficient resource utilization to minimize damage to natural habitats. The Company regularly conducts ecological assess-
emissions. To efficiently absorb green power and ensure grid stability ments to identify and protect biodiversity hotspots, and actively participates in ecological restoration projects, such as
during peak periods, Hengke Advanced Materials has commissioned wetland conservation and vegetation restoration, to promote ecological balance. Hengli Petrochemical remains committed
the second phase of its 20 MW/40 MWh energy storage project. The to fulfilling its environmental responsibilities and contributing to the protection of global biodiversity and the health of ecosys-
total storage capacity now stands at 40 MW/80 MWh. The system tems.
can discharge up to 40,000 kW of load during two peak periods per
Case
day, and charge once during off-peak and flat-rate periods. During
summer peak electricity pricing, it can achieve up to three charge/- “Protecting Marine Resources and Creating a Better Environment”—Marine Stock
discharge cycles daily, effectively meeting part of the production PV Power Generation Project at Hengli (Nantong) Industrial Park Enhancement and Ecological Compensation Release Program
power demand, alleviating peak load pressure, and reducing
electricity costs. On June 19, 2024, in an effort to further protect marine biolog-
ical resources, improve the marine ecological environment,
and promote biodiversity, Hengli Petrochemical (Huizhou)
Case organized a joint party-labor-youth ecological compensation
and stock enhancement release activity under the theme
Energy Structure Improvement “Protecting Marine Resources and Creating a Better Environ-
ment.” This initiative also aimed to raise employees’ awareness
Hengli Chemical Fiber has actively implemented coal-to-gas conversion and biomass boiler construction projects to of aquatic ecological protection.
replace coal-based fuels. As of August 2024, the use of coal fuels has been fully discontinued, replaced by biomass and
natural gas, resulting in a reduction of fossil energy consumption by over 80,000 tce.
Marine Stock Enhancement and Ecological Compensation Release
Hengli inc SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report
REPORT 2024
03
Product Quality and Safety 53
Customer Service Management 55
Sustainable Supply Chains 56 Safe Operations &
Work Safety Management 59
Chemical Safety 64
Sustainable Growth
Data Security and Protection 66
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report
hengli.com 53 I 54
REPORT 2024
Product Quality and Safety Case
Hengke Advanced Materials Awarded “Jiangsu Province Quality Credit AAA Enterprise”
Quality Management System
Hengke Advanced Materials places great emphasis on the leading role of quality credit and has developed a “Three
Comprehensive, Three Focused” dual-direction quality control model throughout the entire process. This model
Hengli Petrochemical adheres to the quality management philosophy of “Pursuing Excellent Quality, Continuously Improving ensures comprehensive coverage of quality across all stages, involving all employees, and enabling full traceability.
Management.” By implementing a total quality management strategy, the Company is committed to delivering outstanding Hengke Advanced Materials has obtained certifications for nine related systems, including ISO 9001 for quality
products and services. We strictly comply with the Law of the People's Republic of China on Product Quality and other relevant management, ISO 14001 for environmental management, OEKO-TEX for eco-friendly textiles, and the integration
laws and regulations, and have established a sound quality management system. This includes the formulation of various of information technology with manufacturing management (two-in-one AAA management system), among
product quality management policies, such as the Product Standardization Management Policy, to ensure that every stage— others. In 2024, Hengke Advanced Materials was recognized as a “Jiangsu Province Quality Credit AAA Enter-
from R&D and production to after-sales service—meets the highest standards. prise.”
Upholding a spirit of craftsmanship and a pursuit of excellence, the Company has developed a comprehensive quality manage-
ment system that covers the entire product lifecycle. We have formulated control procedures such as the Advanced Product
Digitalization of Product Quality Control
Quality Planning and Control Procedure, Production Operation Control Procedure, Nonconforming Product Control Procedure,
Customer Satisfaction Management Procedure, and Continuous Improvement Management Procedure, ensuring the effective-
ness of quality management. In addition, we actively adopt external product quality management systems and maintain high The Company continues to explore digital quality management to more accurately and efficiently identify and resolve product
standards to drive high-quality development. During the reporting period, 7 subsidiaries including Kanghui New Material and quality issues, thereby enhancing both product quality and production efficiency.
Hengli Petrochemical Chemical passed the ISO 9001 Quality Management System certification.
Case
Kanghui New Material Establishes a Digital Quality Management System for Polyester Film
Kanghui New Material has implemented a fully digital MES
system throughout the workshop production process. From
production to the final packaging of polyester film rolls, all
stages are traceable, and relevant production information is
accessible. The system provides a visual display of key data
such as inspection results, length, width, thickness, and weight
of finished and semi-finished products. In the event of a quality
issue with a film roll, relevant data from each production stage
can be retrieved for root cause analysis, enabling traceable
Polyester Film Digital Quality Management System
management and timely identification of problem points to
take appropriate corrective measures.
Empowering Employees Through Quality Training
Quality Management System Certificates of Selected Subsidiaries
Hengli Petrochemical places great importance on quality training and has established a three-tier training system at the
Company, department, and team levels. Through a variety of formats—such as online courses, on-site workshops, and
hands-on drills—the Company effectively enhances employees' quality awareness and professional skills. Additionally, Hengli
Whole-Life-Cycle Quality Management
Petrochemical organizes quality-focused initiatives such as Quality Month and quality competitions to encourage employee
innovation and the sharing of quality management ideas. These activities have engaged nearly 500 employees, fostering
We focus on the core principles of “Prioritizing Quality and Promoting Continuous Improvement” and have established a
collective efforts to elevate the Company’s product quality standards.
comprehensive lifecycle quality management system covering product R&D, production, sales, and after-sales services. This
system ensures that every stage meets high-quality standards. In production quality risk management, we follow a rigorous Case
risk management process that includes risk identification, risk assessment, risk control, risk communication, and risk auditing,
ensuring that each step is effectively executed. In the sales and after-sales service stages, we continuously optimize product Hengli Chemical Fiber Product Quality Training
performance and service quality through customer feedback mechanisms and regular quality follow-ups.
In 2024, Hengli Chemical Fiber organized specialized training
Product Recall Management
sessions focused on quality tools such as QC and FMEA. These
targeted trainings significantly enhanced employees' quality
The Company strictly follows internal policies such as the Nonconforming Product Control Management Policy to identify and
awareness and professional capabilities. As a result of the
handle nonconforming products. We also conduct regular product recall simulations to evaluate and verify the effectiveness of
initiative, the product nonconformity rate saw a marked
our recall procedures, ensuring product quality is protected. During the reporting period, no large-scale product recall events
decline, while customer satisfaction continued to rise.
occurred.
Product Quality Training Session in Progress
hengli.com 55 I 56
Customer Service Management Sustainable Supply Chains
Supply Chain Management System
Hengli Petrochemical places great importance on supply chain security. We continuously optimize our supply chain manage-
ment system and enhance supplier management by establishing internal policies such as the Supplier Management System
and Bidding and Procurement Management System. These efforts strengthen risk control throughout the procurement process
Customer
and provide strong support for the Company’s stable operations.
Satisfaction
Survey Control The Company has also issued policies such as the Supplier Management Measures and Supply Chain Risk Management
Procedure Measures, clearly defining supply chain management procedures and risk control measures. In addition, we have developed a
supply chain management platform to enable real-time information sharing and dynamic monitoring of supplier data,
procurement plans, and logistics, thereby improving supply chain management efficiency.
●Applies to the monitoring and measurement of
external customer satisfaction.
●Customer satisfaction surveys help assess Implementing Transparent Procurement
whether the Company correctly understands and
meets current and future customer needs and
expectations. Based on the results, the QHSE To prevent integrity risks at the source, the Company signs Anti-Bribery Agreements with suppliers and conducts integrity
management system is improved to continuously training for internal procurement personnel. Together, these measures foster a clean and transparent procurement environ-
enhance customer satisfaction. ment. During the Reporting Period, the signing rate of supplier integrity agreements was 100%.
Systematic Assurance of Product and Service Quality
Principle of
Customer Complaints Resolution Mechanism Principle of Principle of
integrity
checks and openness and
and
balances transparency
discipline
Customer complaint
Yes
Salesperson receives the complaint Each evaluation committee Evaluation criteria for bidding All personnel involved in
member must participate and procurement must be fair procurement must perform
Management approval independently in the bidding and consistent, and conclu- their duties with integrity and
The Company continu-
No process. Technical and commer- sions must be objective and uphold self-discipline.
ously improves its Pre-sales Technical Support Department
Analyze and clarify cial evaluations are conducted in impartial.
customer complaint responsibility
separate stages. handling mechanism by
establishing a quality
complaint resolution On-site verification
process to ensure that Principle of Principle of Principle of
customer concerns are Formulate a If necessary reputation commercial traceable
addressed in an handling plan inv O e n st - ig si a te ti on inv O es n t - ig si a t t e io n safeguarding confidentiality procedures
organized and efficient On-site investigation report Third-party monitoring
manner, thereby better
safeguarding customer Implement plan S m ug e g a e su st r e e d s All parties involved in the All technical details, Every step of the bidding and
rights and interests. Yes No bidding process must act patents, and commercial procurement process must
Handling plan
Yes diligently, professionally, and with quotations involved in the have standardized documen-
integrity to protect the Compa- evaluation must remain tation and outcome records
Implement plan
Close the issue and ny’s reputation. strictly confidential. for audit and review purposes.
archive the case
Summarize and archive Continuous improvement
Hengli Petrochemical Bidding Principles
Customer Complaint Handling Process Diagram
Customer Satisfaction Management Equal Treatment of Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises
Hengli Petrochemical is committed to building a mutually beneficial and win–win supply chain ecosystem that supports the
The Company attaches great importance to customer satisfaction
growth of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and jointly promotes high-quality industry development. We consis-
and actively promotes its management. It has developed the Custom-
tently uphold the principles of equality and fairness in cooperation and place great importance on collaborative development
er Satisfaction Management Procedure and conducts satisfaction
evaluations by distributing Customer Satisfaction Survey. The collect- During the reporting period, the overall with SMEs. We have established transparent procurement and cooperation mechanisms to ensure that SMEs enjoy equal
ed feedback is analyzed and assessed, followed by the preparation of customer satisfaction score was approximately opportunities in bidding, contract signing, and performance execution. In addition, we provide technical support and training
to help SMEs enhance their competitiveness. Regular supplier evaluations are carried out to promote their sustainable
satisfaction reports to guide systematic improvements. Additionally, 96.71
development. We have also optimized payment processes to ease financial pressure on SMEs.
the Company regularly organizes training for the Sales Department, %
covering sales procedures and business etiquette, in order to enhance
employees' professional competence and service quality from
multiple dimensions, continuously boosting customer satisfaction.
Quality
Complaint
Resolution
Process
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report
REPORT 2024
Upholding the management philosophy of “market-oriented and customer-centered,” the Company continuously optimizes its
customer service system. It has established a comprehensive sales process and after-sales service mechanism guided by the Custom-
er Service Control Procedure, enabling prompt response to and resolution of customer complaints and feedback. At the same time,
the Company strictly protects consumer information security, strives to enhance customer satisfaction, and reasonably meets
consumer needs.
Contract Customer
Review Service Control
Procedure Procedure
●Applies to the control of contract review ● Covers the entire product sales and service
processes. process.
●To ensure effective contract quality control, all ● Implements the Company’s quality policy,
product-related requirements must be clearly, assists customers in properly using products,
adequately, and reasonably defined. Through promptly addresses issues encountered during
contract review, the Company confirms its ability to use, and provides high-quality products and
meet these requirements, ultimately ensuring services to build a positive company image.
customer satisfaction.
Receive complaint
Confirm delivery status
(check if within contract scope) Customer Complaint Handling Request Form
Non-quality related measurement anomalies Analyze Quality-related
measurement anomalies
Transportation anomalies Customer factors Quality-related Supplier issues (third-party issues) (usage/storage) measurement anomalies (product/logistics)
Customer
acknowledgment
Management approval Management approval
Customer acknowledgment
Key Performance
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report
hengli.com 57 I 58
REPORT 2024
Full-Life-Cycle Management Supporting Supplier Development
Hengli Petrochemical places great emphasis on the sustainable development of its supply chain and integrates ESG
The Company places great importance on full lifecycle management of the supply chain and has developed the Supplier
principles into every aspect of supplier management. By regularly organizing ESG training and awareness programs, the
Management Control Procedure, aiming to build a green and sustainable supply chain system. Through a stringent supplier
Company supports suppliers in strengthening their capabilities in environmental, social, and governance performance.
admission mechanism, we ensure that our partners meet company standards in areas such as production management,
Tailored training sessions are designed based on the specific needs of suppliers, covering key areas such as green
quality control, product performance, and HSE management capabilities. We also conduct regular ESG evaluations of the
production, energy conservation and emission reduction, compliant operations, and social responsibility. These efforts
supply chain to drive continuous improvement among suppliers, enhance efficiency, and ensure transparency and account-
help suppliers enhance their ESG awareness and practical competencies. In addition, the Company promotes collabora-
ability throughout the supply chain.
tive progress among suppliers through case studies, experience sharing, and other interactive formats, working together
to build a sustainable and resilient supply chain ecosystem.
Case
Admission
Suppliers are scored and assessed based on production management, quality control, product
of
performance, and HSE capabilities. Certification in quality, environmental, and safety Regular ESG Training for Suppliers
Suppliers
management systems is a key criterion for admission.
In November 2024, Hengli (Nantong) Industrial Park held a grand
ceremony for the delivery of the “Hengke 420 Oerlikon Barmag DTY
Machines Project.” Mr. Tang Hui, Executive Assistant of Nantong
Hengke DTY Division, engaged in a dialogue with supplier Barmag
Supplier Relevant credit materials submitted by different types of suppliers are reviewed, and on-site on the themes of “innovation, sustainability, efficiency, and energy
audit inspections are conducted when necessary, followed by the issuance of the Supplier Investiga- conservation.” Both parties committed to jointly advancing techno-
tion Report and Supplier Score Sheet. logical innovation and improving product quality. Sharing the Vision of “Innovation, Sustainability, Efficiency,
and Energy Conservation” with Suppliers
Digitalized Supply Chain
Supplier Ongoing and periodic evaluations are carried out, and results are recorded in the supplier
evaluation information database.
Hengli Petrochemical leverages intelligent technologies to empower supplier management, enhancing the overall efficiency of
the supply chain while further strengthening collaboration with suppliers. This digitalization supports the creation of a green,
sustainable supply chain ecosystem, laying a solid foundation for future growth.
Suppliers are assessed on aspects such as strength, quality, and delivery performance. Based
Supplier Case
on the scores, suppliers are graded as follows: Grade A: Increased procurement volume
categorization
encouraged; Grade B: Regular procurement; Grade C: Requires coaching, reduced procure-
Intelligent Empowerment of Supplier Management
ment or temporary suspension; Grade D: Nonconforming supplier, to be eliminated.
The Company’s AWMS (Advanced Warehouse Management System)
utilizes IoT technology to build a real-time platform for the status
tracking and timely sharing of material circulation at every stage. By
Supplier A supplier exit mechanism is in place. Suppliers with serious issues in contract performance or integrating various modules within the system, Hengli Petrochemical
Exit legal disputes are removed from the conforming supplier list and disqualified from further has achieved control and tracking of the procurement process,
cooperation. enabling visual and systematic management of materials.
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report
hengli.com 59 I 60
REPORT 2024
Work Safety Management
Case
Work Safety Management System
Active Participation of Industrial Parks in Work Safety Month
Hengli Petrochemical adheres to the principle of “safety first, prevention foremost, and comprehensive governance” and
strictly complies with laws and regulations such as the Law of the People's Republic of China on Work Safety and the Law of
the People's Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases. The Company has established a compre-
hensive safety management system by implementing internal safety regulations, such as the Work Safety Reward and Punish- Hengli (Suzhou) Industrial Park Hengli (Dalian Changxing Island) Industrial
ment System, Fire Safety Management System, Construction Project '“Three Simultaneities” Management System, and HSE conducted theoretical training, Park conducted a comprehensive
Evaluation Management System. These measures have driven the standardization of work safety across all industrial parks and practical drills, and safety hazard emergency drill for major hazard sources,
established an effective work safety management system. During the reporting period, the Company and its subsidiaries did inspections, effectively improving aiming to test the scientific design and
not experience any fatal workplace accidents. employees' fire safety awareness practical operability of its emergency
and self-rescue skills during response plans and to continuously
The Company has set up a Work Safety Committee and work safety management organization, clearly defining occupational emergencies. enhance emergency handling capabilities
health and safety production goals. It has also signed Safety Responsibility Agreement with employees to strengthen the work for major hazards.
safety accountability system and awareness across all levels. Furthermore, safety performance evaluations are tied to the
Hengli (Nantong) Industrial
compensation of senior executives, ensuring comprehensive protection of employee health and safety.
Park carried out an integrated
Each year, the Company holds a senior management work conference, during which the heads of subsidiaries sign and submit Hengli (Yangtze River emergency drill simulating a
the General Manager’s Work Safety and Environmental Protection Responsibility Statement. Delta) Industrial Park radiant coil leak in the furnace
organized safety chamber of the thermal oil
During the reporting period, all subsidiaries successfully achieved their work safety targets. Subsidiaries such as Hengli
education sessions and heater, testing firefighters’
Petrochemical Chemical, Hengli Petrochemical Refining, Hengli Petrochemical (Dalian), and Kanghui New Material have knowledge competitions emergency response speed
obtained ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety Management System certification. to spark employees’ and improving early-stage
interest in learning about incident handling capabilities.
Work Safety Management in 2024 work safety.
Hengli (Suqian) Industrial Park
organized “Work Safety Month”
Hengli (Huizhou) Industrial Park
activities through various
Indicator Unit Value kicked off the 2024 “Work
formats, including summer
Safety Month” by anchoring
safety training, fire evacuation
key activities to designated
Investment in Work Safety RMB 100 million 5.30 theme weeks. The entire drills, firefighting skills competi-
tions, special safety rectification
Major Hazard Rectification Rate % 100 month featured safety actions, and safety awareness
campaigns, hazard inspec-
Coverage Rate of Safety Education and Training % 100 tions, emergency drills, and video check-ins during pre-shift
meetings.
training programs to ensure
Coverage Rate of Safety Risk Protection Training % 100
the concept of safety takes
The Number of Security Emergency Drills Times 1920 root across the enterprise.
Hengli (Yingkou) Industrial Park invited senior safety
Number of Fatal Accidents Concerning Work Safety Times 0 experts to train over 240 mid- and senior-level
managers and safety personnel. It also held evacuation
Inspection Rate of Special Equipment % 100
drills in office buildings, and conducted emergency
Certification Rate for Special Operations and Equipment Operators % 100 response exercises for tetrahydrofuran and biogas leaks,
further reinforcing the Company’s work safety manage-
ment system.
Establishment of Work Safety Culture
In accordance with the Law of the People's Republic of China on Work Safety, the Emergency Response Law of the People's
Republic of China, and the Management Measures for Work Safety Accident and Emergency Plan, the Company has formulat-
ed a comprehensive Work Safety Accident and Emergency Plan. Through this, the Company continues to improve its
emergency drill system, regularly organizing drills and training sessions to enhance emergency management capabilities and
strengthen the foundation for work safety.
Work Safety Month Campaign
June 2024 marked the 23rd National “Work Safety Month,” themed “Everyone Talks Safety, Everyone Knows Emergency
Response — Keeping Life Channels Clear.” Hengli Petrochemical's industrial parks responded actively by organizing a wide
Hengli (Suzhou) Industrial Park: Work Hengli (Dalian Changxing Island) Industrial Hengli (Suqian) Industrial Park
range of educational campaigns, drills, and safety rectification activities. These initiatives aimed to comprehensively improve Safety Skills Competition Park: Safety Drill in Progress
employees’ safety awareness and their ability to respond to emergencies.
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report
hengli.com 61 I 62
REPORT 2024
Hazard Identification and Management
Active Participation in Emergency Drills
Key Performance
The Company continuously improves its safety and health management system by formulating the Management System for
Work safety is of paramount importance. Adhering to the principle
of “safety first, prevention foremost, and comprehensive gover- During the reporting period, the Accident Hazard Identification and Rectification and the Dual Prevention Mechanism Management System for Safety Risk
nance,” the Company has strengthened its safety management Company conducted a total of Grading and Control and Hazard Identification and Rectification. Risk identification is conducted regularly at the workshop level
each year, with risk sources categorized by significance and corresponding tiered control measures developed, thereby
system, deepened safety oversight, enhanced safety training, and 1,920
effectively enhancing risk prevention and control capabilities.
actively responded to emergency drills, establishing a safety-ori- emergency drills
ented team characterized by zero violations, zero hazards, and zero
Case
accidents.
Electrical Safety Hazard Inspection in the Polyester G Zone of Hengli Chemical Fiber
Case
Hengli New Material Successfully Conducts Its First Company-Level Emergency Drill The electrical and instrumentation team in the Polyester G Zone of Hengli Chemical Fiber carried out a comprehen-
sive inspection of electrical equipment throughout the workshop in accordance with industry standards and the
Hengli New Material organized a “Major Hazard Source Company’s work safety management system, ensuring safe, stable, and efficient production. During the inspection,
Production Safety Accident Emergency Drill” to comprehen- the team focused on key aspects such as the operational status of equipment, insulation performance of wiring,
sively evaluate the emergency response capabilities of its sensitivity of switches, and reliability of grounding systems—ensuring all indicators met work safety standards.
various teams. This marked Hengli New Material’s first-ever Upon identifying problems or potential hazards, the team immediately formulated corrective actions, designated
company-level emergency drill, conducted in a “script-free” responsible personnel, and set rectification deadlines to ensure that all hazards were addressed promptly and
simulation format. The exercise simulated a combustible gas effectively.
leak at the base of propylene storage tank TK108-01 in the
tank farm area.
Key Performance
Emergency Drill in Progress
529 4,477
The Company conducted company-level hazard inspections, identifying company-level hazards;
Digital Safety Management
46,850 30,599
and workshop-level inspections, identifying workshop-level hazards. The hazard
100
The Company actively promotes the deep integration of information technology with work safety management. Centered
rectification rate reached %.
around key elements of enterprise safety, it has built a digital safety management platform aimed at enhancing the efficiency
and effectiveness of safety management through digital means.
Case Fire Safety Management
Integrated Work Safety Supervision Through Information Systems to Drive Safety Enhancement
The Company places great emphasis on fire safety and the management of special equipment. It has established several
internal regulations, including the Fire Safety Management System, Special Equipment Safety Management Measures, and
Hengli (Dalian Changxing Island) Industrial Park is vigorously
Safety Management System for Special Equipment and Operators, to ensure compliance with legal responsibilities for the safe
advancing the integration of information technology with
use of special equipment. These systems effectively prevent safety incidents and ensure rigorous control of work safety
hazardous chemical work safety management by developing a
management processes. During the reporting period, the Company had a team of 569 safety management personnel in place.
digital safety management platform. This platform features
extensive applications, comprising 109 functional modules
and over 360 specific functions, seamlessly embedded into all ● Formation of a dedicated fire brigade
stages of production. It provides real-time monitoring of more Fire Safety
than 60 sets of equipment, 124 major hazard sources, and Management ● Establishment of a comprehensive fire equipment ledger, with each piece of firefighting equipment
assigned to a designated manager
1,964 control points. Additionally, it enables real-time tracking
of 6 fire stations and 40 fire trucks, while connecting 6,842 ● Implementation of fire safety education, including annual fire drills for all employees
surveillance cameras to ensure comprehensive plant-wide Central Control Room
safety coverage. By adopting an intelligent management model, the park achieves rapid on-site sensing, precise
monitoring, and efficient emergency response, thereby establishing an integrated work safety information supervi- ● All special equipment operators are required to be certified and must strictly adhere to operating
sion system that empowers enterprise-level work safety management. Special procedures
Equipment
Management ● Regular inspections are strictly enforced, including annual, monthly, and daily checks, supported by
a complete and detailed equipment ledger
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report
hengli.com 63 I 64
REPORT 2024
Case Chemical Safety
Fire Extinguisher Training Drill
Chemical Management Policies
November 9, 2024, marked National Fire Safety Day. In response to the theme “Fire Safety for All, Life First,” Deli
Chemical Fiber conducted a fire extinguisher training drill. During the activity, the fire brigade provided a special The Company strictly complies with the Regulations on the Safe Management of Dangerous Chemicals and other relevant
briefing on the proper use of fire extinguishers and related precautions. The entire group of participating employ- regulations. It promotes the development of internal systems at its subsidiaries, including the Hazardous Chemicals Safety
ees then engaged in hands-on fire extinguisher operations, effectively enhancing their fire safety skills. Management System and the Hazardous Chemicals Loading and Unloading Safety Management System. These systems set
clear management requirements for the procurement, storage, use, and disposal of chemicals. Additionally, each workshop
maintains a hazardous chemicals management ledger, implements hazard communication measures, and conducts
emergency drills related to hazardous chemicals, thereby safeguarding the safety and well-being of all employees.
We focus on the core principles of “Prioritizing Quality and Promoting Continuous Improvement” and have established a
comprehensive lifecycle quality management system covering product R&D, production, sales, and after-sales services. This
system ensures that every stage meets high-quality standards. In production quality risk management, we follow a rigorous
risk management process that includes risk identification, risk assessment, risk control, risk communication, and risk auditing,
ensuring that each step is effectively executed. In the sales and after-sales service stages, we continuously optimize product
performance and service quality through customer feedback mechanisms and regular quality follow-ups.
Hazardous Chemicals Management System
National Fire Safety Day Fire Extinguisher Drill in Progress
The Procurement Department conducts strict
evaluations of suppliers and prioritizes the
Procurement
purchase of environmentally friendly chemicals.
Chemicals are procured based on production
Chemicals are categorized and
process requirements, and only conforming
Key Performance managed by zone according to their
chemicals are selected. Suppliers are required to
properties, with clear warning signs in
57 provide Material Safety Data Sheets (MSDS) and
place. Hazardous chemicals must be
In 2024, the Company’s fire safety team was equipped with fire chemical safety labels, or such documentation
stored in dedicated warehouses, tank
336 farms, or storage rooms under the Storage must be obtained from relevant sources.
trucks and staffed by professional firefighters. supervision of designated personnel.
Highly toxic and drug precursor
chemicals are managed under the
In adherence to the principle of “those who use are
“Five Duals” system—dual personnel
accountable,” the Company has established
delivering and receipt, dual personnel
Usage comprehensive safety operating procedures and
management, etc.
emergency response plans for precursor chemicals
and explosive-prone substances. Employees are
informed of potential hazards, prevention
measures, and emergency response protocols.
Chemicals and chemical waste
must be classified, stored, and
Transportation
disposed of in accordance with
national and local environmental
regulations.
The Company has developed emergency
Emergency
response plans for chemical leaks, fires, and
response
other critical incidents, and regularly organizes
drills for relevant personnel to ensure prepared-
ness.
The Company conducts regular risk
assessments for both existing and Risk
newly introduced chemicals, imple- assessment
menting appropriate hazard control
measures.
Internal audits are conducted regularly to assess
Performance the compliance and effectiveness of chemical
assessment management practices. Based on audit findings
and external feedback, the Company continu-
ously improves its chemical management
processes and policies.
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report
hengli.com 65 I 66
REPORT 2024
Case Data Security and Protection
Installation of Hazard Warning Boards and “One MSDS, One Label” System
Establishment of Information Security Management System
The Company has established an Information Security Management System and related protocols to ensure strict control over
the devices, facilities, and software systems connected to the Company's information systems. This system is designed to
guarantee the protection of corporate data security. Additionally, each subsidiary of the Company has set up an information
security management department that is fully responsible for overseeing and managing information security, ensuring that
information security is reliable, controllable, and manageable.
Information Security Responsible for managing information
Working Group security and privacy protection during
data entry
Information Security
Leading Group
Harzardous Chemical Warning Boards “One MSDS, One Label” System for Harzardous Chemicals
Handles and analyzes
Emergency Response
information security incidents
Group
Chemical Spill Incident Response and Prevention
Information Security Risk Identification and Assessment
Hengli Petrochemical has established a comprehensive chemical spill
prevention and emergency response system. Through stringent risk assess- Key Performance We have established a comprehensive information security risk assessment system. Through regular scanning and vulnerabili-
ty detection, potential threats are identified, and targeted protective measures are implemented. The Company strictly
ments and hazard identification protocols, the Company ensures safety
across all stages—production, storage, and transportation. Regular employ- During the reporting period, the enforces a data classification management system, encrypting sensitive information during both storage and transmission.
ee training sessions and emergency drills are conducted to strengthen Company conducted Advanced technologies such as firewalls and intrusion detection systems are deployed to create a multi-layered security
protection network.
overall safety awareness and enhance incident response capabilities among 3,776
all staff members. In addition, Hengli Petrochemical has implemented a chemical safety Additionally, the Company has developed protocols such as the Cybersecurity Emergency Response Plan to standardize the
structured accident reporting and review mechanism, allowing for continual drills. procedures for handling security incidents within the Company's information systems. Regular drills and employee information
refinement of its safety management practices. With a firm commitment to security training are conducted to enhance our ability to prevent and control information security emergencies.
achieving a “zero leakage” target, Hengli Petrochemical works diligently to
protect its employees, the surrounding community, and the environment,
Information Security Management Strategies
upholding its corporate social responsibility.
The Company has developed a series of management measures focusing on physical security, network security, and other
Case aspects to continuously enhance the level of network and data security protection.
Chemical Spill Emergency Drill at Hengli (Nantong) Industrial Park
In March 2024, Hengli (Nantong) Industrial Park organized a chemical spill emergency drill to enhance employees’
Information
awareness of risk prevention and their ability to perform self-rescue and mutual aid. All employees actively partici-
security
pated in the drill. The exercise further reinforced the Company’s work safety baseline and significantly improved its control
emergency response capabilities. Physical Personnel
security access
control Network Enhance the Application control
security
security security
Strengthen the control management of control Strengthen
information,
security personnel access
including the
management of Strengthen network encryption, Strengthen the management,
physical security manage- backup, and security of applica- ensuring security
environments, ment, including the recovery of data. tion systems, measures for
including data security of network including the secure employees'
centers, architecture, configuration of access rights
hardware firewalls, intrusion operating systems during onboard-
equipment, and detection systems, and the security ing and
uninterruptible etc. management of offboarding
Chemical Spill Emergency Drill in Progress power supplies databases. processes.
(UPS).
04
Insightful Innovation &
Optimizing R&D Systems 69 Digital Intelligence
Empowering Innovative Achievements 70
Advancing Digital and Intelligent Development 73
Safeguard
Intellectual Property Protection 74
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report
hengli.com 69 I 70
REPORT 2024
Optimizing R&D Systems Empowering Innovative Achievements
R&D System Guarantee
Highlight Products Overview
Hengli Petrochemical adheres to the “innovation-driven development” strategy and places great emphasis on innovation. The
Company continues to strengthen the management of the R&D system and has formulated relevant management policies During the reporting period, Hengli Petrochemical continued to overcome technological challenges, leading to the emergence
such as the New Product Development Management Procedures, New Material R&D Center Laboratory Management System, of many outstanding products.
and Independent Innovation Reward Management Measures. These ensure the standardization of new product development
processes and the scientific management of laboratories, enhancing the work efficiency and innovative capabilities of the R&D Case
team, and providing a solid institutional guarantee for the development, testing, and promotion of new products.
Hengli Chemical Fiber Develops Ultra-Fine Fiber
To encourage R&D and innovation, Hengli Petrochemical has implemented a series of incentive measures that have motivated
all employees, accelerating the pace of new product launches. In 2024, several of the Company's technologies reached indus-
Hengli Chemical Fiber developed a new member of ultra-fine fiber with a single filament density of only 0.18 denier
try-leading levels.
for the 27D/144f yarn. The weight of a 9,000-meter-long filament is only 0.18 g. This ultra-fine polyester filament
is a benchmark variety that represents the international standard of fiber technology and competitiveness.
Incentive system：
Establish a comprehensive innovation reward mechanism to recognize and reward individuals who have made
Case
outstanding contributions in technological innovation, standard publication, and professional title evaluation.
Hengli Chemical Fiber Optimizes Polyester Filament Geotextile Materials
New product (technology) development project rewards：
Encourage relevant personnel to participate in provincial-level (and below) new product development projects, as
Hengli Chemical Fiber optimized the spinning and fiber stretching stages, successfully increasing the 5% elonga-
well as national-level new product identification, with rewards given.
tion strength by more than 30% compared to the original variety. This has allowed Hengli to surpass its competi-
tors in physical performance indicators within the geotextile field.
Government funded project rewards：
Encourage related personnel in the Company to participate in government-funded projects and contribute to
regional economic development. Case
Patent and copyright rewards： Hengli Chemical Fiber Produces High-Strength Flame-Retardant Black Industrial Yarn Series
Provide one-time rewards to personnel who apply for and obtain patents, motivating their contributions to
Hengli Chemical Fiber produced a stable-performing high-strength flame-retardant black industrial yarn. Using
technological innovation.
the new FZ/T50016-2023 twist rope method, the flame-retardant oxygen index is greater than 28% (measured by
ASTM D2863-2017 fabric method, the oxygen index exceeds 32%). This yarn offers excellent flame-retardant
Participation in standard formulation and revision：
properties, high strength, and resistance to abrasion.
Reward and encourage relevant personnel who participate in the formulation and revision of national, industry,
group, local, and enterprise standards, as well as those who take the lead in these activities.
Case
R&D Team Building Hengli Research Institute Launches Phosphorus-Based Copolymer Flame-Retardant Polyester Fiber
Hengli Research Institute successfully independently developed phosphorus-based copolymer flame-retardant
0.42% 0.56% polyester chips. Using environmentally friendly and non-toxic flame retardants, terephthalic acid, and ethylene
2.99% glycol as the main raw materials, the copolymerization technique was used to produce the polyester. The
5%
flame-retardant fiber made from these chips achieves permanent flame resistance, while also featuring low fuzz,
13.5%
57.87%
high strength, ease of dyeing, and excellent dye stability. This innovation delivers both production efficiency and
product quality.
Below Bachelor’s Degree
Case
Bachelor’s Degree
Master’s Degree 38% Deli Chemical Fiber's Three Products Recognized as Patent-Intensive Products
38.71% Doctoral Degree 42.95%
Deli Chemical Fiber's High Uniformity Ultra-Fine Denier Polyester Fiber, Micro-Fine Polyester Fiber, and Hydrophilic
Key Performance Under 30 (exclusive) years old Quick-Drying Polyester Fiber were recognized as patent-intensive products. The Deli Chemical Fiber technical
team has overcome multiple technological bottlenecks in the fine denier filament production field, achieving stable
30 (inclusive) to 40 (exclusive) years old
mass production of fine denier filaments. The team has developed several new ultra-low denier and ultra-fine
1.703 40 (inclusive) to 50 (exclusive) years old
denier products, including 20D/72f, 15D/12f, and 5D/6f, filling the domestic gap in ultra-fine denier production.
RMB billion in total in R&D investment
50 (inclusive) to 60 (exclusive) years old
24.20
60 years old or above
( % year-on-year growth)
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report
hengli.com 71 I 72
REPORT 2024
Case Industry-Academia-Research Collaboration
Hengke Advanced Materials Project Selected for “Nantong Major Scientific and Technological
Achievements Transformation Program” Hengli Petrochemical places strong emphasis on university-industry collaborative research, striving to drive technological
innovation and sustainability through the deep integration of industry, academia, and research. The Company has established
Hengke Advanced Materials’ project, titled “R&D and Industrialization of Functional Ultra-Warm Fibers for -35°C
long-term partnerships with several renowned universities and research institutions to conduct joint research in areas such as
Extreme Cold Protection”, was successfully selected for the “Nantong Major Scientific and Technological Achievements
green chemistry, energy conservation and emission reduction, and new material development.
Transformation Program”. The project addresses the issues of low hollowness and poor mechanical performance in
conventional thermal insulation fibers, and has made breakthroughs in key technologies such as low-swelling high-bulk Kanghui New Material, in collaboration with Dalian University of Technology, Shenyang University of Chemical Technology,
fiber spinning, stable continuous forming, and drawing. Dalian University, the Liaoning Academy of Agricultural Sciences, and a total of 10 enterprises, jointly established the Liaoning
Kanghui Petrochemical New Material Industry-Academia-Research Alliance. In 2022, the alliance was recognized by the
Department of Science & Technology of Liaoning province as one of the “First Batch of Exemplary and Substantive Indus-
Case
try-Academia-Research Alliances in 2022”. In addition, Jiangsu Kanghui New Material Technology Co., Ltd. was successfully
shortlisted for the “2024 Jiangsu Province Postdoctoral Innovation Practice Base” program, marking a significant step forward
Hengke Advanced Materials Project Certified by the China National Textile and Apparel Council
in the Company’s efforts in advanced materials R&D and talent development.
The project “Industrialization of New Disperse Dye Normal-Pressure Dyeable Polyester and Its Fiber” developed by
Hengke Advanced Materials has passed the scientific and technological achievement appraisal by the China National Case
Textile and Apparel Council. The project has established a production capacity of 35,000 tons per year for continuous
Biodegradable Mulch Film
esterification and polymerization. Covering the full industrial chain from NEDDP chips production to spinning, texturing,
and dyeing/finishing, the project demonstrates significant energy-saving and emission-reduction effects. Compared
with high-temperature dyeing, normal-pressure dyeing saves 45–50% steam, 14% water, and 25% electricity, while In 2024, Kanghui New Material collaborated with Shenyang Agricultural University on a joint research project titled
improving labor productivity by 22–23%. The project yields notable economic, social, and environmental benefits, Application Effect and Ecological Impact Assessment of Biodegradable Mulch Film. The study focused on evaluat-
possesses independent intellectual property rights, and has led to the development of four group standards. ing the application performance and ecological impact of biodegradable mulch films, including assessments of
their effectiveness in cultivating typical crops and the ecological impact of film residues on soil biological systems.
Driving Industry Development
Case
The Company actively participates in the formulation of national, industry, and group standards, working closely with industry
peers to promote technological advancement across the sector. At the same time, the Company engages in various exhibi- High-Strength, High-Rigidity Biodegradable Polyester
tions, industry forums, and technical seminars to exchange ideas with industry leaders, share best practices, and continuously
absorb new knowledge and technologies, thereby maintaining its innovative vitality. Also in 2024, Kanghui New Material and Shenyang University of Chemical Technology jointly undertook a project
under Yingkou’s Dual-Innovation Program for PhD Talent, titled Development of High-Strength, High-Rigidity
Case Biodegradable Polyester for Injection Molding and Film Blowing. The research targeted the copolymer modification
of PBAT (poly(butylene adipate-co-terephthalate)) to impart higher rigidity and strength, aiming to meet industrial
Hengli Chemical Fiber Injects New Momentum into High-Quality Industry Development application needs for dual-use in injection molding and film blowing.
Hengli Chemical Fiber plays an active role in driving industry progress, having participated in the formulation of 41
standards to date, including 19 national standards, 21 industry standards, and 1 group standard. During the reporting
Case
period, the General Manager of Hengli Chemical Fiber was selected as a member of the first National Technical
Committee for Standardization of Industrial Textiles. Additionally, the Hengli Chemical Fiber was honored to serve as
Low Precipitation, Refrigerant-Resistant Modified PBT
the chairing unit of the Polyester Filament Yarn Branch of the China Chemical Fibers Association.
In another 2024 initiative, Kanghui New Material cooperated with Dalian University of Technology to undertake a
Case key project under Yingkou's “Reveal the List” R&D program. The project, titled Study on Low Precipitation, Refriger-
ant-Resistant Modified PBT, explored how different viscosities and terminal carboxyl group contents of PBT—
Active Participation in Industry Seminars produced by SSP process—affect precipitation behavior. By optimizing extrusion process parameters to reduce the
content of small molecules in modified PBT materials, the project successfully developed an optimal formula and
processing technique for refrigerant-resistant PBT.
Key Performance
6 1
The Company currently holds national high-tech enterprises, nationally
2
accredited enterprise technology center, and postdoctoral workstations
Advanced Functional Materials & Equipment Industry Conference Thematic Forum on the Explosive Development of
Composite Current Collectors for Lithium Batteries
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report
hengli.com 73 I 74
REPORT 2024
Advancing Digital and Intelligent Intellectual Property Protection
Development
The Company has established a series of procedural documents and management systems, including the Intellectual Property Manual,
Intellectual Property Acquisition Control Procedure, Intellectual Property Maintenance Control Procedure, and Intellectual Property Risk
Hengli Petrochemical remains committed to the deep integration of industrialization and informatization, striving to build a fully
Management Control Procedure. These efforts are part of building a comprehensive intellectual property (IP) management system,
integrated intelligent ecosystem across the entire industry chain. By positioning “intelligent connectivity” as a key entry point for
which includes well-defined IP policies and employee training materials.
industrial upgrading and transformation, the Company independently develops smart systems to continuously enhance intelligent
The Company’s intellectual property management is directly led by the general managers of each industrial park, with close collabora-
manufacturing throughout all stages of its operations. During the reporting period, multiple subsidiaries of the Company received
tion across departments. Adhering to the management principles of “prevention first, full-process involvement, rapid response, and
various intelligent manufacturing awards, highlighting Hengli’s outstanding capabilities in this field and providing strong momentum
continuous improvement,” the Company integrates IP protection into the entire product development cycle. It also collaborates with
for future development.
renowned domestic IP agencies to ensure full-process involvement—from project initiation to post-launch maintenance—ensuring
Case that IP applications are submitted promptly and systematically.
Intelligent Production Project for 400,000 Tons of High-Performance Special Industrial Yarn Achieves Case
Full-Scale Production
Hengli Chemical Fiber Achieves Both Quantity and Quality in IP Development
In 2024, Hengli Chemical Fiber’s “intelligent production project for
an annual output of 400,000 tons of high-performance special Hengli Chemical Fiber focuses its IP work on the layout of key core technology areas. It has organized a series of techni-
industrial yarn” reached full production. The project features interna- cal exchange meetings and IP seminars by inviting experts and senior agents from university-industry collaboration
tionally advanced equipment, including solid-state polymerization partners such as Donghua University and Soochow University, as well as from patent agencies and IP authorities. These
units, multi-position spinning equipment for industrial yarn, intelli- initiatives have effectively enhanced the Company’s internal capacity for patent creation and improved overall IP
gent surface inspection systems, automated packaging, and smart management.
warehousing systems. These elements together form a fully
integrated intelligent factory.
Hengli Chemical Fiber Intelligent Workshop for Industrial Yarn
Key Performance
Case
1,676
BOPET Intelligent Workshop Selected as a “2024 Jiangsu Provincial Intelligent Manufacturing Workshop” A cumulative total of authorized patents and
37
The BOPET intelligent workshop of Jiangsu Kanghui New Material software copyrights.
was selected for the “2024 Jiangsu Provincial Intelligent Manufac-
turing Workshop” list. With its advanced intelligent production
equipment and highly efficient information management system,
Jiangsu Kanghui New Material has been recognized with two provin-
cial-level intelligent workshops, one municipal-level intelligent
workshop, and the title of a provincial Five-Star Cloud-Enabled
Enterprise. Through the construction of intelligent workshops, the Case
Company has achieved fully automated and intelligent processes
across the entire production chain—including order processing, Intellectual Property Training
production scheduling, product inspection, packaging and storage, Jiangsu Kanghui BOPET Intelligent Workshop
and delivery—leading to steadily improving economic benefits.
Case
Hengke Advanced Materials Selected for Nantong’s “Digital and Intelligent” Microgrid Pilot Program
Hengke Advanced Materials was successfully selected for Nantong City’s “Digital and Intelligent” Microgrid Pilot
Program. The Company has established an intelligent microgrid featuring integrated PV and energy storage systems.
By incorporating solar power into the park’s grid and leveraging energy storage along with auxiliary grid services, the
system enables efficient clean energy allocation while delivering economic benefits and supporting the Company’s
green and low-carbon transition. In 2024, the Company saved nearly RMB 30 million in electricity costs by utilizing
solar power generation and peak-valley electricity pricing. Currently, the Hengli (Nantong) Industrial Park has complet- Trademark and Brand Management Empowerment Camp Intellectual Property Training in Progress
ed construction of a 106 MW distributed PV system and a 40 MW/80 MWh behind-the-meter energy storage project.
Multiple energy management platforms have been established, covering energy consumption monitoring, electricity
management, PV power generation, and energy storage control.
05
Human Resource Management 77 People Orientation &
Employee Training and Development 79
Rural Revitalization 84
Social Contribution
Social Value Contribution 85
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report
hengli.com 77 I 78
REPORT 2024
Human Resource Management Case
Kanghui New Material Held Two Job Fairs for Veterans
Employment Management
Demonstrating a strong sense of social responsibility, Kanghui New
Material cooperated with the Yingkou Veterans Affairs Office during
Hengli Petrochemical adheres to a people-oriented philosophy in talent development. In accordance with the Labor Law of the the reporting period to organize two dedicated recruitment fairs for
People's Republic of China (hereinafter referred to as the Labor Law), the Labor Contract Law of the People's Republic of China, retired military personnel, attracting over 300 attendees in total
and other relevant laws and regulations, the Company has formulated its Human Resources Management System. Hengli is through on-site visits and presentations.
committed to lawful employment practices, signs Collective Contracts with employees, and strives to create a healthy and safe
Job Fair for Veterans
working environment. The Company ensures fair and equitable employment practices and compensation, and strictly prohib-
its discrimination based on nationality, gender, age, disability, race, religion, or other factors. During the reporting period, no
Employee Structure
violations related to child labor or forced labor were identified.
Recruitment and Dismissal
The Company standardizes employee onboarding and offboarding procedures, signs labor contracts with all employees in Key Performance
accordance with the law, ensures equal employment, and safeguards employees’ lawful rights and interests.
38,300
In 2024, the Company had a total of employees, with a social insurance coverage rate of
Equal Opportunity
Hengli firmly opposes employment discrimination and ensures that employee recruitment and career development are not 94.87 99.14
% and a labor contract signing rate of %.
influenced by gender, nationality, age, religion, marital status, or other unrelated factors.
Note: For detailed information on employee composition, please refer to the Hengli Petrochemical 2024 Annual Report.
Diversity and Inclusion
The Company provides fair and equal employment opportunities and career development paths for women, ethnic minorities,
Compensation and Benefits
and candidates from diverse backgrounds.
Reasonable Working Hours
Adhering to the principles of external competitiveness and internal fairness, the Company strictly complies with the Labor
In accordance with the Attendance Management Policy, the Company reasonably arranges employees’ working and rest hours to Law, the Social Insurance Law of the People's Republic of China, and other relevant laws and regulations. It has established the
protect their legal rights to rest. Detailed Rules for Compensation Management System and the Employee Performance Appraisal Management Measures, and
upholds the principle of equal pay for equal work. A compensation system has been developed that combines a base salary
Prohibition of Child Labor with variable and indirect components to provide employees with a fair and competitive compensation structure.
A strict age verification process is implemented during recruitment to ensure that no individuals under the age of 16 are hired.
Performance
Feedback and Employee
One-on-One Benefits
Elimination of Forced Labor Review Sessions
All work is arranged based on the principle of free will, and the personal freedom of all employees is fully respected and protected. Performance Application
Evaluation of Allowances
and Performance
Appraisal Evaluation
Attracting Talents Results
Performance Bonuses
Hengli Petrochemical places great emphasis on talent development and is committed to expanding its recruitment channels to
Process
attract professionals from diverse backgrounds. The Company has formulated the Personnel Appointment Management Measures Control in Performance
and the Newly-Recruited Personnel Appointment Management Measures (Interim), and offers employment and development oppor- P M e a rf n o a r g m em an e c n e t Pla D n e n v i e n l g o p a m nd e n K t PI Basic Salary
tunities through various channels such as social recruitment, campus recruitment, university-enterprise cooperation, internal
referrals, and job rotation, with the goal of building a diverse and dynamic workforce.
Case “Two-Way Communication” in Performance Appraisals
Hengli Petrochemical Offline Recruitment Event in Progress The Company has established a four-tier performance management system, continuously standardizing performance
management procedures and regularly conducting performance evaluations. The results of these evaluations are extensively
applied in the distribution of performance bonuses and the selection of outstanding employees, fully leveraging the motiva-
tional function of the compensation system. Hengli Petrochemical places great emphasis on communication and feedback in
performance management. A “two-way communication” mechanism between managers and employees has been imple-
mented to ensure fairness and transparency in evaluation results.
Each department publicly Employees who question If disagreements remain after HR will then consult with
discloses monthly their appraisal results may this communication, department heads, gather input,
performance appraisal results, initiate discussions with their employees may escalate the and report the matter to
recognizing outstanding department heads. issue by submitting feedback company management to
employees and communicat- or a written appeal to the HR determine whether a correction
ing with those who fall short to Department to the assessment is warranted.
discuss corrective measures
via email, suggestion boxes,
and improvement plans.
the official WeChat account,
or the labor union.
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report
hengli.com 79 I 80
REPORT 2024
Key Performance Conducting Skills Enhancement Training
5.404
In 2024, the total employee compensation paid: RMB billion; the total
715 Case
employee benefits expenditure: RMB million.
HAZOP Professional Training Program
Employee Incentives
The HAZOP professional training program at Hengli (Dalian Changx-
ing Island) Industrial Park was successfully concluded, with over 300
participants from various specialties including process engineering,
The Company emphasizes the multi-channel professional development of employees, and has established relevant systems
instrumentation, equipment, electrical, and safety. The program
such as the Frontline Employee Promotion Management Measures, Selection Management Measures for Positions Above Shift
achieved a 100% conforming rate. The training course featured
Leader, and Specific Training Plans for Reserve Cadres. The Company has a comprehensive promotion system and incentive
lectures by instructors from the China Chemical Safety Association.
mechanism in place. Through a series of talent development programs, various special incentives, suggestions reward
As an essential analytical method for identifying design flaws,
programs, outstanding employee awards, and promotion rating systems, the Company creates opportunities and platforms
process hazards, and operational issues, the HAZOP training aimed
for talent, thereby effectively attracting, nurturing, retaining, and utilizing talent.
to systematically and professionally enhance the risk management
capabilities of the industrial park. Session of the HAZOP Professional Training Course in Progress
Professional
Production Administrative Management Sales
Technical
Framework Framework Framework Framework
Framework
Case
Hengke Advanced Materials “Spider-Man Program”
•Chief Expert •Vice President of •Deputy General Manager •Deputy General Manager •Vice President of
Production Marketing The “Spider-Man Program” is a distinctive training initiative for
•Expert •Director •Director
•Production Director •Director frontline managers launched in 2017. Since its inception, the
•Senior Technical Expert •Manager •Deputy Director
program has continuously evolved in terms of training content and
•Workshop Director •Senior Manager
•Intermediate Technical •Deputy Manager •Manager
operation model, successfully developing a cyclical training
Expert •Engineer •Sales Manager
•Head •Deputy Manager approach characterized by “1 year of classroom learning and 2 years
•Junior Technical Expert •Shift Leader •Senior Salesperson
•Staff •Head of post-training follow-up.” Adhering to its original intention of
•Technical Assistant •Senior Production Staff •Salesman
•Intern Staff building a high-caliber team of shift leaders and improving the
•Technician •Star-level Production Staff •Intern Salesperson
effectiveness of frontline management, the “Spider-Man Program”
•Intern Technician •General Production Staff has successfully completed nine training camps, cultivating 390 shift
•Intern leaders and achieving full coverage of shift-level management Spider-Man Program – Featured Training Initiative
positions within the Company.
Employee Training and Development
Case
Inauguration of the Hengli (Dalian Changxing Island) Industrial Park Training Center
Establishing Career Development Pathways
The newly inaugurated Training Center at Hengli (Dalian Changxing
Island) Industrial Park highlights a professional, distinctive, intelli-
Hengli Petrochemical adheres to a “people-oriented” approach to talent development, placing great emphasis on talent
gent, and scenario-based approach. It integrates five core training
cultivation. The Company has established a comprehensive talent development system that fosters the mutual growth of
functions—cognition, experience, simulation, hands-on practice,
employees and the enterprise. Backed by multiple R&D teams with strong technical capabilities, the Company actively creates
and discussion—by effectively combining various training methods
platforms for employee growth and advancement. In terms of talent selection, the Company has built a well-structured
such as classroom instruction, experiential learning, and online
development pathway, providing strong support for employees’ smooth career progression.
education. With the official unveiling of the Training Center, opera-
The Company emphasizes talent cultivation and has formulated the Personnel Training Management Measures. Relying on tions will gradually commence, providing relevant training programs
platforms such as Hengli Business School and the online LINK Classroom, and supported by the in-plant trainer system and to accelerate the development of high-quality technical talent for
training resource pool, the Company has established a comprehensive talent development system that covers all employees, the new era, empower new productive forces, and establish a talent Unveiling of the Hengli (Dalian Changxing Island) Industrial
Park Training Center
enabling joint growth of employees and the enterprise. During the reporting period, the Company conducted extensive development system with distinctive Hengli characteristics.
employee training based on the annual training plan, categorized by level, type, and position, to promote mutual development.
The training primarily consists of: onboarding training for new employees, internal training under the annual training plan, and
monthly department-level certified skills training. Key Performance
The Company also actively supports employees in enhancing their skills and educational qualifications, promoting the
Total employee training hours total training participants annual training expenditure
development of a learning-oriented enterprise. Hengli (Huizhou) Industrial Park, in collaboration with the Huizhou Petrochemi-
424,600 159,008 10.1933
cal Association and the Sun Yat-sen University Huizhou Institute, has launched an “In-service Employee Education Enhance-
hours RMB million
ment Program,” offering customized end-to-end services to support employees in pursuing further education and degree
advancement. At the same time, the Company actively promotes professional title policies, encourages employees to apply
for job-related title evaluations, assists in the preparation of application materials, and provides full-process tracking to ensure
a smooth application process.
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report
hengli.com 81 I 82
REPORT 2024
Employee Care and Well-being Diverse Employee Activities
Hengli Petrochemical is committed to providing all employees with comprehensive and competitive welfare benefits, including Case
but not limited to social insurance and housing fund contributions, paid leave, cultural and sports activities, and an employee
Dual Approach of Health Care and Cultural Enrichment
stock ownership plan. The Company actively enriches employees’ cultural lives, consistently pays attention to the needs of
to Enhance Employee Satisfaction
employees in difficulty, and strives to enhance overall employee happiness and satisfaction.
Hengke Advanced Materials places strong emphasis on corporate
culture development by adopting a dual approach of health care and
cultural enrichment. Comprehensive health check-ups provide a
safety net for employee well-being, while red-themed education
Social insurance Statutory leave Holiday Overtime Annual health fosters ideological grounding. Competitive recreational activities
and house fund such as benefits allowances checkups help relieve stress and enhance team cohesion, and public welfare
parental leave
initiatives promote compassion and social responsibility, compre-
and caregiving Employee Health Check-up
leave hensively enhancing employees' lives.
Case
Chinese New Year Gala
Employee Mutual assistance Free shuttle Employee
activity center fund and bus service stock Hengli (Suqian) Industrial Park held a grand Chinese New Year Gala
and employee support ownership Employee Activity in Progress under the theme “A Prosperous Hengli, One Big Family,” aiming to
recreational programs program
enhance employees’ sense of participation and belonging. The gala
events
blended traditional and modern elements, with four rounds of prize
draws creating an engaging and festive atmosphere. The event
Women's Rights and Interests
featured a variety of performances with high artistic expression. The
successful hosting of the gala brought joy to the employees,
Hengli Petrochemical is firmly committed to the principle of gender equality and places great importance on safeguarding the
conveyed the Company’s care, and injected new vitality into the Chinese New Year Gala Performance
rights and interests of female employees. The Company is dedicated to creating a fair and inclusive working environment for
cultural development of the industrial park.
women. Through a well-established talent selection mechanism, we ensure equal opportunities for women in recruitment,
promotion, and compensation, while actively supporting their career development. We offer flexible work arrangements and
mother-and-child care facilities to help female employees balance their professional and family responsibilities. In addition, Employee Communication and Engagement
regular women's health care initiatives are carried out to support their physical and mental well-being. Hengli Petrochemical
will continue to promote the protection of women’s rights and foster a diverse and sustainable development environment,
The Company places great importance on listening to employee opinions and suggestions.
contributing to the building of a harmonious society.
Annual satisfaction surveys are conducted through questionnaires to identify key factors influencing employee satisfaction.
Based on survey results, the Company promptly implements targeted improvements to address identified issues, striving to
Case
create a positive and fulfilling workplace environment that fosters a strong sense of belonging and well-being among employ-
“Caring for Female Workers, Law by Your Side” Legal Awareness Campaign at Hengli (Huizhou) Industrial Park ees.
A Labor Dispute Mediation Committee has been established to reinforce harmonious and stable labor relations. The Company
Hengli (Huizhou) Industrial Park places strong emphasis on caring for has also implemented an early warning and resolution mechanism for labor issues, with clearly defined procedures for handling
female employees and organized a legal awareness campaign labor and personnel disputes, ensuring effective conflict prevention and resolution.
focused on women's rights. At the event, educational materials were
distributed covering the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Case
Protection of Rights and Interests of Women and the Special Regula-
tions on the Labor Protection of Female Employees. Participants also Conducting Satisfaction Surveys
viewed public service videos on the protection of female employees’
rights. The campaign emphasized the promotion and dissemination
of laws and regulations related to employment rights, labor rights,
and the special protections afforded to female workers.
Legal Awareness Campaign on Women’s Rights
Key Performance
During the reporting period, return-to-work rate after maternity leave return-to-work rate after parental leave
100 100
% %
Employees Completing Satisfaction Survey Questionnaires
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report
hengli.com 83 I 84
REPORT 2024
Case Occupational Disease Prevention Performance in 2024
Establishing a Legal Consultation Office
Indicator 2024
Key Performance Incidence Rate of Occupational Diseases 0
Coverage rate of occupational injury insurance for employees 100%
Key Performance Indicator for 2024:
During the reporting period, the overall employee Occupational Health Examination Coverage 100%
85.05 Occupational Hazard Factor Testing Rate 100%
satisfaction rate reached %
Investment in Occupational Injury Insurance for Employees (RMB 10,000) 1,918.75
Occupational Disease Prevention Awareness Week Activities
Rural Revitalization
Case
Employee Rationalization Proposal Campaign Hengli Petrochemical regards supporting rural revitalization and consolidating the achievements of poverty alleviation as an unshirk-
able corporate social responsibility, deeply integrating it into the Company’s development strategy. With industry as the brush and
To inspire a sense of ownership among employees and encour-
responsibility as the ink, Hengli Petrochemical paints magnificent landscapes across vast rural areas. While ensuring the Company’s
age the sharing of valuable insights and work experiences, Deli
healthy growth and sustained returns to investors, Hengli actively undertakes social responsibilities, supports rural revitalization and
Chemical Fiber launched an employee rationalization proposal
public welfare causes, and promotes sustainable economic and social development.
campaign in January 2024. The initiative invited employees to
contribute suggestions focused on areas such as technological
Case
innovation and management optimization, based on their daily
responsibilities. The campaign successfully transformed Active Participation in Philanthropy
employees’ “golden ideas” into “golden fruits” of productivity,
strengthening labor-management relations and significantly
enhancing employee engagement. This initiative fostered Hengli Petrochemical (Huizhou) Co., Ltd. actively participates in public welfare initiatives. During the 2024 “6·30” Rural
Employee Rationalization Proposal Campaign in Progress
proactive participation in the Company’s high-quality develop- Revitalization Campaign in Daya Bay Development Zone, Hengli Petrochemical (Huizhou) pledged an idle land parcel in
ment journey. the zone for the construction of R&D and production facilities. This contributed to revitalizing unused land and support-
ing comprehensive rural development in the region.
Occupational Health and Safety
Case
To proactively prevent work-related injuries and minimize employees’ risk of occupational diseases, the Company has
developed a set of policies in accordance with the Law of the People's Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Occupa- Focusing on Industrial Assistance
tional Diseases and other relevant regulations. These include the Occupational Disease Hazard Prevention Responsibility
System, the Occupational Health Surveillance and Records Management System, and the Occupational Hazard Warning and
Notification System. The Company sets clear occupational disease prevention objectives and safeguards employee health and Kanghui New Material, in response to the national rural revitalization
safety in the workplace through various measures. These include posting warning signs in areas with hazardous factors, strategy, leveraged its technical expertise in the chemical industry to
conducting regular occupational hazard testing, distributing appropriate personal protective equipment (PPE), and organizing promote biodegradable mulch film in agricultural production. This
annual health check-ups for employees. not only addresses the white pollution caused by traditional plastic
mulch but also enhances the quality and yield of agricultural
Case products, driving local agricultural industrial upgrading.
Promoting Biodegradable Mulch Film to Support Industrial
Development
Occupational Disease Prevention Awareness Week at Hengli (Dalian Changxing Island) Industrial Park
Hengli (Dalian Changxing Island) Industrial Park held a themed campaign titled “Prevention First, Safeguarding
Key Performance
Occupational Health” during the Occupational Disease Prevention Awareness Week. The campaign included the
distribution of printed brochures, posting of awareness posters, the setup of an occupational health bulletin board,
Donations and public welfare investments rural revitalization investment
and assistance activities for occupational disease prevention. These efforts were aimed at enhancing employees’
1.08 1.841
awareness of occupational health and improving their self-protection capabilities, thereby effectively safeguarding
RMB million RMB million
their occupational health rights and interests.
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report
hengli.com 85 I 86
REPORT 2024
Social Value Contribution
Case
Hengli Petrochemical remains committed to its mission as a corporate citizen, upholding the philosophy of “people-oriented, creating
a better future together,” and earnestly fulfilling its duty to serve society. The Company actively participates in community activities, Volunteer Activities by the Dedicated Fire Brigade
supports community development, engages enthusiastically in social welfare initiatives, shares the fruits of development with the
society, and contributes to social harmony, stability, and sustainable progress by taking practical actions. While fulfilling its internal fire prevention duties, the dedicated fire
brigade of Hengke Advanced Materials also actively participates in
Case major public safety efforts organized by the local government, such
as flood control and river patrols. The team regularly visits villages,
Voluntary Tree Planting Activity schools, and businesses to inspect for safety hazards and promote
fire safety awareness. These red-themed volunteer activities serve
On March 12, 2024, in celebration of the 46th National Tree Planting as vital logistical support for emergency rescue efforts in Nantong
Day, employees of Hengli (Huizhou) Industrial Park participated in a and significantly contribute to the safety and security of the island
voluntary tree planting event. The activity embodied the principle region. Volunteer Work by the Dedicated Fire Brigade
that “lucid waters and lush mountains are invaluable assets,”
strengthening employees’ sense of responsibility and mission to
Case
protect the ecological environment. It also reflected the Company’s
commitment to integrating green development into all aspects of
Jiangsu Kanghui Brings Warmth to Meidun Village
economic and social growth and supporting the ecological advance-
ment of Guangdong Province. Voluntary Tree Planting Activity in Progress
Jiangsu Kanghui launched the themed campaign “Bidding Farewell to the Old and Welcoming the New with Warmth
between Villages and Enterprises,” delivering care and support to underprivileged Party members and villagers in
Meidun Village. During the event, the Company provided RMB 45,000 in relief funds to 36 disadvantaged individuals.
This initiative reflects Jiangsu Kanghui’s active fulfillment of social responsibilities and continued concern for rural
Case development.
Voluntary Blood Donation Campaign
Over the years, Hengli Petrochemical has embedded social respon- Looking ahead, Hengli Petrochemical will remain committed to its mission of “Serving the Country through Industry and Giving Back
sibility into the fabric of its corporate development by continuously to Society,” and will further devote itself to public welfare undertakings with greater enthusiasm and stronger action.
organizing voluntary blood donation campaigns to spread the
warmth of life. Hengli Petrochemical (Dalian) has repeatedly received
honors such as the “Dalian Voluntary Blood Donation Promotion Key Performance
Award” and the “National Voluntary Blood Donation Promotion
Award.” Likewise, Hengli (Nantong) Industrial Park has for many
Altruistic Blood Donation Drive
consecutive years been recognized as a “Model Group for Voluntary Number of volunteer activities participated in by employees number of volunteers engaged
Blood Donation” in Tongzhou District.
89 1,555
On May 10, 2024, in response to a critical shortage of type O blood in Dalian, Hengli (Dalian Changxing Island) Industrial
Park urgently mobilized employees with type O blood to donate, helping to restore the city’s blood inventory to safe
levels. In October of the same year, Hengli (Nantong) Industrial Park launched a series of themed blood donation drives
total volunteer service hours
under the banner “Flowing Warm Blood, Lighting Up the Light of Life.” The campaign drew participation from over 200
employees, resulting in a total blood donation volume of 66,200 milliliters—demonstrating the commitment of private 6,934
enterprises in the new era to fulfilling their social responsibilities through concrete action. hours
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report
hengli.com 87 I 88
REPORT 2024
Annex I: Index of GRI Standards Annex II: Sustainability Reporting Index
Table of Contents GRI Standard Index Disclosure Requirements Corresponding Sections of This Report
Report Preparation Statements GRI2 Response to Climate Change Climate Change Response
About the Report GRI2
Pollutant Emissions Pollutant Emissions Control
Message from the Chairman GRI2
Waste Disposal Pollutant Emissions Control
About Hengli Petrochemical GRI2/GRI201
Ecosystem and Biodiversity Protection Ecosystem and Biodiversity Protection
GRI2/GRI201/GRI205/GRI302/GRI303/GRI305/
2024 at a Glance
GRI306/GRI403/GRI404/GRI413 Environmental Compliance Management Environmental Compliance Management
Sustainability Management GRI2/GRI3
Energy Utilization Climate Change Response
Water Resource Utilization Water Resource Management
Corporate Governance Structure GRI2
Compliance Risk Management GRI2
Steady Operations & Circular Economy Pollutant Emissions Controls
Sound Governance Adhering to Business Ethics GRI2/GRI205/GRI206
Communication with Stakeholders GRI2/GRI207 Rural Revitalization Rural Revitalization
Contribution to Society Social Value Contribution
Climate Change Response GRI302/GRI305 Optimizing R&D Systems, Empowering Innovative Achievements, Advancing Digital and Intelligent
Innovation-Driven Development
Environmental Compliance Management GRI307 Development, Protection of Intellectual Property Rights
Pollutant Emissions Control GRI302/GRI305/GRI306/GRI307
Energy Conservation Supply Chain Security Sustainable Supply Chains
& Sustainable Green Water Resource Management GRI303
Development
Clean Technological Opportunities GRI2/GRI301/GRI302/GRI303/GRI305 Equal Treatment of Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises Sustainable Supply Chains
Ecosystem and Biodiversity Protection GRI304
Safety and Quality of Products and Services Product Quality and Safety, Customer Service Management
Data Security and Customer Privacy Protection Data Security and Protection
Quality and Safety of Product GRI416/GRI417
Customer Service Management GRI416/GRI417/GRI418
Employees Human Resource Management, Employee Training and Development, Employee Rights and Benefits
Sustainable Supply Chains GRI2/GRI204/GRI205/GRI308/GRI409/GRI414
Safe Operations &
Sustainable Growth Work Safety Management GRI403/GRI410 Due Diligence Sustainability Management
Chemical Safety GRI203/GRI403
Communication with Stakeholders Communication with Stakeholders
Data Security and Protection GRI418
Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Compliance Risk Management, Adhering to Business Ethics
Optimizing R&D Systems /
Anti-Unfair Competition Compliance Risk Management
Insightful Innovation & Empowering Innovative Achievements /
Digital Intelligence Safeguard Advancing Digital and Intelligent Development / Chemical Safety Chemical Safety
Intellectual Property Protection /
Clean Technological Opportunities Clean Technological Opportunities
Human Resource Management GRI2/GRI201/GRI401/GRI402/GRI405/GRI406/GRI408/GRI409
Note: As a company in the chemical industry, Hengli Petrochemical considers the topic of “Technology Ethics” to be neither financially material nor of significant impact to
Employee Training and Development GRI203/GRI404 its operations.
People Orientation & Social Employee Rights and Benefits GRI2/GRI201/GRI202/GRI401/GRI405/GRI406/GRI408/GRI409
Contribution
Rural Revitalization GRI203/GRI413
Social Value Contribution GRI203/GRI413
Index of GRI Standards GRI2
Sustainability Reporting Index /
Summary of Key Performance /
Indicators
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report
hengli.com 89 I 90
REPORT 2024
Summary of Social Performance
Annex III: Summary of Key Performance
Topic Indicator Unit 2024
Indicators
Investment in Work Safety RMB 100 million 5.30
Coverage Rate of Safety Education and Training % 100
Summary of Environmental Performance Coverage Rate of Safety Risk Protection Training % 100
The Number of Security Emergency Drills Times 1,920
Number of Fatal Accidents Concerning Work Safety Times 0
Work Safety Certification Rate for Special Operations and Equipment Operators % 100
Identification of Company-Level Hidden Hazards Times 529
Topic Indicator Unit 2024
Company-Level Hidden Hazards Identified Item 4,477
Identification of Workshop-Level Hidden Hazards Times 46,850
Sulfur Dioxide (SO2) Emissions Ton 1,877.62
Workshop-Level Hidden Hazards Identified Item 30,599
Nitrogen Oxides (NOx) Emissions Ton 4,466.01
Waste Gases Hidden-Hazard Rectification Rate % 100
Particulate Matter Emissions Ton 440.46
VOCs Emissions Ton 695.34 Professional Firefighters Person 336
Fire Safety
Fire Trucks Units 57
Total Wastewater Emissions Ton 26,303,994.81
Wastewater Emissions Intensity Ton/RMB 1 million 111.33 Number of Violations of Information Security and Privacy Protection Case 0
Information Security
COD Emissions Ton 663.33 Total Investment in Data Security RMB 10,000 664.17
Wastewater
Ammonia Nitrogen Emissions Ton 3.29
Total Phosphorus Emissions Ton 3.54 Customer Complaint Resolution Rate % 100
Quality and Safety
Product Percent of Pass % 99.63
Total Nitrogen Emissions Ton 152.96
Quantity of General Waste Generated Ton 3,343,982.76 Chemical Safety Chemical Safety Drills Conducted Times 3,776
Quantity of General Waste Disposed of Ton 3,343,923.46
Solid Wastes Investment in R&D RMB 100 million 17.03
Quantity of Hazardous Waste Generated Ton 148,360.38
Innovation and R&D Cumulative Patents Held Case 1,676
Quantity of Hazardous Waste Disposed of Ton 147,167.31
Cumulative Number of Software Copyrights Case 37
Coal (Power Generation) Ton 9,896,975.58
Energy Natural Gas 10,000 m3 35,596.46 Total Number of Employees Person 38,300
Consumption Purchased Electricity MWh 5,456,209.20 Production Staff Person 28,381
Sales Staff Person 373
PV Generation kWh 167,314,264.28 Technical Staff Person 5,821
Wind Power kWh 49,555,000.00 Financial Staff Person 258
Adoption of Biogas Power Generation kWh 149,663.00 Administrative Staff Person 1,441
Clean
Energy Biomass Fuel tce 297,351.85 Other Staff Person 2,026
Total Renewable Energy Consumption tce 324,023.02 Employees Doctoral Degree Person人 16
Master’s Degree Person 310
Total Freshwater Consumption 10,000 tons 13,331.88 Bachelor’s Degree Person 6,103
Quantity of Municipal Water Purchased 10,000 tons 298.63 College Degree Person 11,844
Surface Water Withdrawal 10,000 tons 12,969.43 College Degree or Below % 20,027
Ground Water Withdrawal 10,000 tons 63.81 Employee Satisfaction % 60.03
Water Total Water Consumption 10,000 tons 88,067.75 Social Insurance Coverage Rate % 94.87
Resources Water Consumption Intensity 10,000 tons/RMB 1 million 3,727.37 Percentage of Contract Workers RMB 100 million 99.14
Employee Compensation Payable RMB 100 million 54.04
Recycled Water Consumption 10,000 tons 125,468.64
Employee Welfare Fund 7.15
Annual Water Saved via Reclaimed Water Facilities 10,000 tons 3,427.37
Reclaimed Water Reuse Rate % 75.30 Total Hours of Employee Training Hour 424,600
Greenhouse Gas Emissions Scope 1 tCO2e 47,201,832.47 Employee Training Total Number of Persons Trained Person 159,008
Greenhouse Gas Emissions Scope 2 tCO2e 6,718,552.07 Per Capita Training Hours Hour 2.67
C Em ar i b s o si n o n Total GHG Emissions tCO2e 53,920,384.54 Annual Training Expenditure RMB 10,000 1,019.33
Greenhouse Gas Emission Intensity tCO2e/RMB 1 million 228.21
Incidence Rate of Occupational Diseases % 0
Coverage Rate of Occupational Injury Insurance for Employees % 100
Total Environmental Investment RMB 100 million 3.75
Occupational Health Occupational Health Examination Coverage % 100
Environmental Incidents Case 0
Occupational Hazard Factor Testing Rate % 100
Environmental Incidents of Violation of Laws and Regulations in the Environmental Field Case 0
Protection Investment in Occupational Injury Insurance for Employees RMB 10,000 1,918.74
Evaluation Compliance Rate Observed in Pollutant Monitoring % 100
Operation Rate of environmental Protection Facilities % 100 Donations and Public Welfare Contributions RMB 10,000 108.00
Compliance Rate of “Three Simultaneities” in Environmental Protection % 100 Investment in Rural Revitalization RMB 10,000 184.10
for Construction Projects Volunteer Activities Number of Volunteer Activities Participated Times 89
Number of Volunteers Participating Person 1,555
Volunteer Activity Hours Hour 6,934
HENGLI PETROCHEMICAL SUSTAINABILITYAnnual Report
hengli.com 91 I 92
REPORT 2024
Feedback
Summary of Governance Performance
Thank you for reading the Hengli Petrochemical Co., Ltd. 2024 Environmental, Social, and Governance Report. To improve Hengli
Petrochemical's performance in environment, society, and governance, further enhance our sustainability capabilities and levels, and
strengthen communication with all sectors of society, we sincerely hope that you will provide valuable feedback and suggestions on
our work and report at your convenience.
Topic Indicator Unit 2024
Independent Directors in the Board of Directors Person 3
Female Directors in the Board of Directors Person 1 Your Information
Corporate Governance
Risk Management Expert Person 1
Percentage of Female Directors in the Board of Directors % 12.5 Name： Unit： Tel： Email：
Tax Management Major Tax-Related Litigation and Arbitration Matters Case 0
Multiple Choice (Please check √ in the appropriate box)
Coverage Rate of Business Ethics Audits in Operations % 100
Business Ethics Supplier Signing Rate of Integrity Agreements % 100
Employee Coverage in Business Ethics Training % 100
1. Your overall assessment of Hengli Petrochemical’s 2024 sustainability report：
Interim Announcements Disclosed Copy 68
Information Disclosure Periodic Reports Disclosed Copy 4 Good Average Needs Improvement I don't know
Communication with Stakeholders Number of Investor Open Communication Meetings Times 6 2. How do you think Hengli Petrochemical has performed in terms of customer service?
Number of Interactions on the SSE E-Interactive Platform Times 87
Good Average Needs Improvement I don't know
3. How do you think Hengli Petrochemical has performed in terms of technological innovation?
Good Average Needs Improvement I don't know
4. How do you think Hengli Petrochemical has performed in terms of industry development?
Good Average Needs Improvement I don't know
5. How do you think Hengli Petrochemical has performed in terms of team building?
Good Average Needs Improvement I don't know
6. How do you think Hengli Petrochemical has performed in terms of volunteer and public welfare activities?
Good Average Needs Improvement I don't know
7. How do you think Hengli Petrochemical has performed in terms of environmental protection?
Good Average Needs Improvement I don't know
8. Do you have any comments on Hengli Petrochemical’s performance in sustainability efforts?
Good Average Needs Improvement I don't know