2 0 2 1
企业社会责任报告
欢迎垂询，或将您的意见发至： Welcome enquiries of contact us through the following:
地址：湖北省武汉市东湖新技术开发区高新大道426号华 Welcome enquiries of contact us through the following:
新大厦 Add: Huaxin Building, No.426 Gaoxin Av, East Lake
联系人：李紫微 Technology Development District, Wuhan, Hubei；
联系电话：4001 100 800 Contact: Li Ziwei
邮箱：liziwei@huaxincem.com Phone: 4001100800
华新水泥股份有限公司
网址：http://www.huaxincem.com E- mail: liziwei@huaxincem.com
Web: http://www.huaxincem.com
目录
CONTENTS
04
总裁致辞
Forward by the CEO
06
公司概况
报告说明
Company Profile
10
Notes
公司治理
Corporate Governance
本报告依据《全球报告倡议组织（GRI）可持续发展
20
报告指南》以及国务院国资委《关于中央企业履行社
环保履责
会责任的指导意见》编制而成，报告披露数据以
2021年度为主，适度向前延伸，以补充2020年报告 Social Responsibilities Performance in
Environmental Protection
中未曾披露的有关信息。
38
我们将定期发布公司社会责任报告，接受社会监督，
搭建与您沟通的平台。 健康安全履责
Social Responsibility
Performance in Health
This report is compiled based on “Global Reporting and Safety
Initiative (GRI) Reporting Guidelines for Sustainable 54
Development” and the State “Guidance on Central
Corporate Fulfilling Social Responsibility”. Data 员工发展
disclosed mainly refer to 2021, with a brief supplement Staff Development
to the information disclosed in 2020. 68
We will regularly issue corporate social responsibility
reports, to provide a platform for communication and
服务社会
for external supervision.
Serving the Society
2021企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT FORWARD BY THE CEO 总裁致辞
公司始终以“清洁我们的生活环境，提供信赖的建筑材料”为使命，坚持绿色生态发展理念。为响应国家
“双碳”战略，不断夯实科技创新能力，探索绿色低碳发展新路径，推进减碳研发项目，开发低碳水泥产
品，并率先发布了行业首份《低碳发展白皮书》。
The company has always been "cleaning our living environment, provide reliable building materials"
as its mission and adhere to the concept of green ecological development. In response to the
national "carbon peaking and carbon neutrality" strategy, the company has continuously
strengthened technological innovation capacity, explored new paths of green and low-carbon
development, promoted carbon reduction R&D projects, developed low- carbon cement products,
and took the lead in publishing the industry's first white paper on low- carbon development.
公司在实现经济效益的同时，不忘投身社会公益事业，积极践行社会责任，开展形式多样的公益活动，以实
际行动回馈社会，续写公司可持续发展新担当。
While achieving economic benefits, the company did not forget to devote itself to social welfare
undertakings, actively practiced social responsibilities, carried out various public welfare activities,
gave back to the society with practical actions, and continued its new responsibility for sustainable
development.
职业健康安全是企业发展的基石，公司把健康安全作为开展一切工作的基本要求和前提，不断完善健康安全
制度，强化职业健康管理，全方位守护员工生产、作业中的安全。
总裁 李叶青 CEO Li Yeqing Occupational health and safety is the cornerstone of enterprise development, the company
01 regarded health and safety as the basic requirements and premise of all work, constantly improved
总裁致辞
the health and safety system, strengthened occupational health management, and
comprehensively protected the safety of employees in production and operation.
Forward by the CEO
公司将员工视为最宝贵的资源和财富，坚持以人为本的原则，关心员工、聚焦员工，持续提升员工薪酬标准
和福利待遇，为员工提供多样化的学习和发展机会，不断提升员工的归属感和幸福感。
The company regards employees as the most valuable resources and wealth, adheres to the
people-oriented principle, cares about and focuses on employees, continuously improves the salary
2021年是十四五开局之年，也是我国“双碳”行动的元年。面对复杂严峻的外部环境，一年来，公司加强安全、环保等合规性
standard and welfare treatment for employees, provides diversified learning and development
管理，严控金融风险、产品质量风险、合规性和廉洁风险，守住企业发展生命线，深化实施“一体化发展、海外发展、高新建
opportunities for them, and continuously improves the sense of belonging and happiness of
材业务拓展、传统工业+数字化创新”四大战略，各项工作取得新突破，实现了高质量、高速度、高效益发展。
employees.
2021 is the first year of the 14th Five-year Plan period and the first year of China's "carbon peaking and carbon
neutrality" action. Faced with complicated external environment, over the past year, Huaxin strengthen compliance
新的一年，公司将锚定既定奋斗目标，在新起点上奋勇争先，在新征程中建功立业，以优异成绩迎接党的二
management such as safety, environmental protection, control the financial risk, quality risk, compliance and integrity
十大胜利召开，踔厉奋发、笃行不怠，昂首阔步走向美好未来！
risk, keep the enterprise development lifeline, deepen the implementation of the four strategies of "integrated
In the New Year, Huaxin will anchor the established goal, strive to be the first at a new starting point,
development, overseas development, the development of new building materials business, traditional industry +
make contributions in the new journey, welcome the opening of the Party's 20th national congress
digital innovation", made new breakthroughs in various work, and achieved high-quality, high-speed and high-
with outstanding results， vigorous and determined endeavor，work together for a bright future.
efficiency development.
04 05
PAGE PAGE
2021企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT COMPANY PROFILE 公司概况
more than 10 provinces and cities across the
country and overseas, it is a global building
materials group involved in the integrated
development of the whole industry chain in
cement, concrete, aggregate, environmental
02 protection, equipment&engineering, new
公司概况
building materials and other fields. In 2021,
Huaxin Cement ranked 80th on the list of
Company Profile
“China's 500 most valuable brands” list with
a brand value of 70.269 billion yuan.
2021年，公司实现水泥和熟料销售总量7526万
吨，较上年下滑0.96%；骨料销量3497万吨，同比
增长52%；环保业务处置总量328万吨，同比增长
12%；商品混凝土销量905万方，同比增长
96%。全年实现营业收入324.64亿元，同比上年增
长10.59%；实现税收39.56亿元，为股东创造了价
值，为社会做出了贡献。
华新水泥股份有限公司始创于1907年，被誉为中国水泥 近20年来，华新水泥发生了翻天覆地的变化。在中国水泥产
In 2021, the company achieved a total sales
工业的摇篮，110多年来为国家和地方经济社会发展作出 量年均复合增长率为7.5%的背景下，华新主要经济指标年均
volume of 75.26 million tons of cement and
了突出贡献。 复合增长率连续20年保持25%，华新也从一家地方性水泥工
clinker, a decrease of 0.96% over the previous
Huaxin Cement Co., LTD., founded in 1907, is 厂，发展成为在全国十余个省市及海外拥有270余家分子公
year; aggregate sales reached 34.97 million
known as the cradle of China's cement 司，涉足水泥、混凝土、骨料、环保、装备制造及工程、新型
tons, with a year-on-year increase of 52%; the
industry，and has made outstanding contributions 建筑材料等领域全产业链一体化发展的全球化建材集团。
total disposal volume of environmental
to national and local economic and social 2021年，在“中国500最具价值品牌”榜单，华新水泥以
protection business was 3.28 million tons, a
development for more than 110 years. 702.69亿元的品牌价值位列榜单第80位。
year-on-year increase of 12%; 9.05 million
In the past 20 years, great changes have taken place in
cubic meters of commercial concrete, a year-
1994年，公司A、B股在上海证券交易所上市。1999 Huaxin Cement. Under the background of the average
on-year increase of 96%. The annual operating
年，与瑞士Holcim集团结为战略伙伴关系。 annual compound growth rate of China's cement output
revenue was 32.464 billion yuan, an increase
In 1994, Huaxin A Share and Huaxin B Share were
of 7.5%, the average annual compound growth rate of
of 10.59% over the previous year; the tax
listed via SSE. In 1999,Huaxin established strategic
Huaxin main economic indicators keep 25% for 20
revenue reached 3.956 billion yuan, creating
partnership with Holcim.
consecutive years, Huaxin has also developed from a
value for shareholders and contributing to the
local cement factory into more than 270 subsidiaries in
society.
06 07
PAGE PAGE
2021企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT COMPANY PROFILE 公司概况
2021年公司经济效益 2021年公司荣誉
Economic Results of the Company in 2021 Company Honor in 2021
1.华新水泥以702.69亿元位列2021年《中国500最具价值品牌》榜单第80位，较去年上涨了103.94亿元，连续第九年上榜。
Huaxin Cement ranked 80th on the list of “China's 500 most valuable brands” list in 2021 with 70.269 billion yuan, up 10.394 billion
yuan from last year and the ninth consecutive year.
400
2.华新水泥连续第12年上榜《财富》中国500强排行榜。同时，还上榜了“净资产收益率（ROE）最高的40家公司”榜单。
324.64
350 Huaxin Cement has been listed in Fortune China top 500 for the 12th consecutive year. At it also made the list of “40 companies
314.39
293.57 with the highest return on equity (ROE)”.
300
250 3.华新水泥第六年入选《亚洲品牌500强》，位列167位，排名稳步上升。
200 In the sixth year, Huaxin Cement was selected as one of the top 500 Asian Brands, ranking 167th and rising steadily.
150
4.华新水泥荣获“2021年中国百强企业奖”。
100
Huaxin Cement won the “top 100 Chinese enterprises Award in 2021”.
50
5.华新水泥获评全国建材行业2021年度“十大科技突破领军企业”。
0
Huaxin Cement was rated as one of the “top ten leading enterprises in scientific and technological breakthroughs” in the national
2019 2020 2021
building materials industry in 2021.
营业收入（单位：亿元） Operating revenue (100 Million Yuan)
6.华新水泥总裁李叶青荣获全国建材行业2021年度“十大科技突破领军人物”称号。
Li Yeqing, President of Huaxin Cement, won the title of "top ten scientific and technological breakthrough leaders" in the national
building materials industry in 2021.
50
43.92 7.华新水泥连续入选中国制造业企业500强，位列第306位。
45
38.67 39.56 Huaxin Cement was continuously selected as one of China's top 500 manufacturing enterprises, ranking 306th.
40
35
8.华新水泥名列湖北企业百强榜第22位，较上届排名上升5位。
30
Huaxin Cement ranked 22nd among the top 100 enterprises in Hubei province, up 5 places from the previous ranking.
25
20
9.华新水泥名列湖北制造业企业百强榜第10位，较上届排名上升2位。
15
Huaxin Cement ranked 10th among the top 100 manufacturing enterprises in Hubei Province, up 2 places from the previous
10
ranking.
5
0
2019 2020 2021 10.华新水泥入选2021年湖北省首批工业互联网企业。
Huaxin Cement was selected as one of the first industrial Internet enterprises in Hubei province in 2021.
税收实现额（单位：亿元） Taxes payment (100 Million Yuan)
11.华新水泥“世界首条利用水泥窑烟气CO2制备混凝土砖生产线在华新水泥成功运行”入选“2021全球建材十大科技新
闻”。
Huaxin Cement's “world first concrete brick production line using CO2 discharged from cement kiln was successfully operated in
Huaxin Cement”was selected as “2021 Top 10 Global Building Materials Science and Technology News”.
08 09
PAGE PAGE
2021企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 公司治理
不断完善内部治理机制，提高公司管理水平，
以确保股东权益，提高企业价值
Constantly improve the internal governance mechanism and improve
the management level of the company, so as to ensure the rights and
interests of shareholders and improve the value of the enterprise
03
公司治理
公司股东大会、董事会及其专门委员会情况
General meeting of shareholders, board of directors and
Corporate Governance
special committee of the company
公司克服疫情、时差等不利因素，创新沟通方式，圆满地召开了公司股东大会、董事会，确保公司规范运作、重大经
营决策的顺利实施。
The company overcame the epidemic situation, time difference and other adverse factors, innovated communication
methods, and successfully convened the general meeting of shareholders and the board of directors of the company to
ensure the standardized operation of the company and the smooth implementation of major business decisions.
全年组织股东大会7次、董事会会议14次、董事会各专门委员会会议14次（其中战略委员会会议2次，审计委员会会
议5次、治理与合规委员会会议1次、提名委员会会议2次、薪酬与考核委员会会议4次）。
Throughout the year, it organized 7 general meetings of shareholders, 14 meetings of the board of directors and 14
meetings of special committees of the board of directors (including 2 meetings of the strategy committee, 5 meetings of
the audit committee, 1 meeting of the governance and compliance committee, 2 meetings of the nomination committee
and 4 meetings of the remuneration and assessment committee).
公司不断完善内部治理机制，同时强化审计监督，宣导廉洁文化，实现持续有效高质
量发展。
Huaxin continues to improve its internal governance mechanism, strengthen 公司信息披露
Company information disclosure
audit supervision, and promote a clean culture to achieve sustainable,
effective and high-quality development. 严格标准提升信息披露质量。公司全年共披露定期报告4份、临时公告59份（含公司低碳发展白皮书），中英文公告
同步发出。全年各类公告披露及时准确，符合交易所信息披露各项要求，并在沪市上市公司2020至2021年度信息披
露工作评价中获得 “上市公司信息披露A类评价”。
We improve the quality of information disclosure in strict accordance with standards. The company disclosed 4 regular
reports and 59 interim announcements (including the company's white paper on low-carbon development) throughout
the year, and both Chinese and English announcements were issued simultaneously. All kinds of announcement
disclosure in the whole year were timely and accurate, which meet the requirements of information disclosure of the
stock exchange, in the evaluation of information disclosure of Listed Companies in Shanghai Stock Exchange from 2020
to 2021, the company has obtained the "class A evaluation of information disclosure of listed companies".
10 11
PAGE PAGE
2021企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 公司治理
投资者关系与市值管理 公司治理
The management of investor relationship and market value Corporate Governance
公司以合规控制风险为工作重点，坚持与证券监管机构、投 shareholders; the company and Shanghai Securities 制度改进、依规行事，公司不断完善法人治理结构，公司法人治理体系与国际
资者密切互动；维持高分红比例回报投资者。公司减碳降耗 roadshow Center/Securities Regulatory 规范逐步接轨。
减排、创新数字化转型等优秀事迹得到了媒体、监管机构及 Bureau/securities company jointly held 8 performance In accordance with relevant rules and regulations, the company
投资者的高度好评；在资本市场展示了公司低碳发展、加速 interpretation meetings on the company's quarterly, continued to improve the corporate governance structure and the
转型、积极履行社会责任的良好企业形象。 semi-annual and annual reports; 19 batches of corporate governance system is gradually in line with international
The company focused on compliance control risk and institutional investors, fund managers, building norms.
insisted on close interaction with securities regulatory materials industry analysts/researchers visited on site;
authorities and investors, maintain a high dividend ratio participated in 22 online/on-site securities market 通过梳理董事会通过的各项制度，结合香港联交所上市规则要求，公司完成了
to reward investors. The company's outstanding deeds investment strategy meetings organized by securities 《公司章程》、《信息披露事务管理办法》、《关联方交易管理规定》等3项制
of carbon reduction, consumption reduction and companies throughout the year; participated in 24 度的修订；制定了《公司董事、监事和高级管理人员持有公司股份及其变动管
emission reduction, innovation and digital telephone/online meetings with institutional investors 理制度》、《公司风险管理制度》、《公司合规管理办法》、《公司环境、社
transformation have been highly praised by the media, organized by securities companies. We answered the 会及管治报告制度》、《公司利益冲突回避制度》、《公司企业管治报告制
regulators and investors. In the capital market, the investor hotline more than 30 times/month on average; 度》等6项制度，确保公司规章制度符合国际规范要求。
By sorting out various systems adopted by the board of directors and in
company showed a good corporate image of low- more than 20 times/month, replied to the
combination with the requirements of the Listing Rules of the Hong Kong
carbon development, accelerating transformation and telephone/wechat of industry analysts/researchers;
stock exchange, the company has completed the revision of three
actively fulfilling social responsibilities. checked the company's investor email every working
systems, including the articles of association, the measures for the
day and replied to more than 60 emails throughout the
公司通过各种投资服务渠道进行投资者交流活动。2021年， administration of information disclosure and the provisions on the
year; Timely check the Shanghai Stock Exchange E-
公司管理层在股东大会期间与现场股东交流7场次；公司与 administration of related party transactions; six systems have been
interaction interactive investor consultation, and reply to
上证路演中心/证监局/证券公司联合举办有关公司季度、半 formulated, including the management system for the shares held by the
more than 90 questions throughout the year.
年度、年度报告的业绩解读会8场次；现场接待到访的机构 company's directors, supervisors and senior managers and their
投资者、基金经理、建材行业分析师/研究员19批次；全年参 在中国上市公司百强高峰论坛组委会、华顿经济研究院主办 changes, the company's risk management system, the company's
加证券公司组织的线上/现场证券市场投资策略会22场次；参 的第二十一届中国上市公司百强高峰论坛暨颁奖典礼上，公 compliance management measures, the company's environmental,
加证券公司组织的与机构投资者交流的电话/线上会议24场 司荣获“2021年中国百强企业奖”，这是公司连续第三年获 social and governance reporting system, the company's conflict of
次。平均30余次/月接听投资者热线电话；20余次/月回复行 此殊荣。 interest avoidance system and the company's corporate governance
业分析师/研究员电话/微信；每个工作日查看公司investor邮 At the 21st top 100 China listed companies Summit reporting system, ensure that the company's rules and regulations meet
箱，全年回复邮件60余封；及时查看上证E互动投资者咨 Forum and award ceremony hosted by the Organizing the requirements of international norms.
询，全年回复提问90余条。 Committee of the top 100 China listed companies
Through various investment service channels, we Summit Forum and Wharton Institute of economics,
conducted investor exchange activities. In 2021, the Huaxin won the "top 100 China enterprises Award in
company's management communicated with on-site 2021", which is the third consecutive year that Huaxin
shareholders for 7 times during the general meeting of won this award.
12 13
PAGE PAGE
2021企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 公司治理
持续开展风险管理与内部控制， 激发、传递、汇聚风清气正、廉洁奉公
提升公司风险防范能力 华新正能量，为公司高质量发展保驾护航
Continuously carry out risk management and internal control to Inspire, transmit and gather the clean, honest and fair energy to
improve the company's risk prevention ability escort the high-quality development of the company
公司持续开展风险管理工作，2021年6至7月，组织各职能管理/业务运营部门对战略、运营、外部等各类风险的重
要性程度进行开放式讨论，评估确认了3项年度关键风险，制定了15项具体的行动计划。各项行动计划的责任人切
实履责，适时报告工作进展并接受风险管控部门的监督。
The company continued to carry out risk management, from June to July 2021, it organized various
functional management/business operation departments to have an open discussion on the importance of
strategic, operational, external and other risks, assessed and identified 3 key annual risks, and formulated
15 specific action plans. The person in charge of each action plan fulfilled his / her responsibilities,
reported the work progress timely and accepted the supervision of the risk control department.
公司持续开展内部控制工作，适时更新完善内部控制规范，运用内控管理平台对各项控制活动的执行情况进行记
录，并在8家新运营单位推广实施了内部控制规范。公司2021年共计对26家下属单位进行了控制活动执行有效性专
项审计，针对采购、销售、物流业务等高风险领域实施了22项业务流程审计，并组织公司总部及164家下属单位进
行了年度内部控制自我评价。针对前述发现的各类内部控制缺陷，公司积极督促各责任单位按期整改，并通过内部
通报、专项会议等方式进一步加大内控宣贯力度，促进各单位自查自纠，同时致力于辅导各单位内部审计人员高效
履职。
The company continued to carry out internal control work, timely updated and improved internal control 公司2021年纪检暨反贿赂反腐败工作研讨会
Symposium on discipline inspection and anti-bribery and anti-corruption work in 2021
standards, and used the internal control management platform to record the implementation of various
control activities, and promoted the implementation of internal control norms in 8 new operating units. In
2021, the company conducted a special audit on the implementation effectiveness of control activities for
公司纪委、监察室逐步分批建立党政“一把手”廉政档案，2021年完成182名首批党政领导干部信息建档。狠刹收
26 subordinate units, implemented 22 business process audits in high-risk areas such as procurement,
送礼不正之风，制定并督促执行《关于集中开展违规收送礼品礼金问题专项整治的实施办法》《关于规范党员干部
sales and logistics, and organized the headquarters of the company and 164 subordinate units to conduct
办理婚丧喜庆等事宜的暂行规定》，取得初步效果。坚持抓早抓小，坚持用好监督执纪“第一种形态”，累计使用
annual internal control self-evaluation. In view of all kinds of internal control defects found above, the
2451人次。
company actively urged all responsible units to rectify on schedule, and further strengthened the publicity
The Discipline Inspection Commission and supervision office of the company gradually establish the
and implementation of internal control by means of internal notification and special meeting, so as to
integrity archives of the "top leaders" of the party and government in batches, and complete the
promote self-examination and self -correction of all units, and at the same time, it is committed to coaching
information filing of 182 leading cadres in the first batch in 2021. We have put an end to the unhealthy
internal audit personnel of all units to perform their duties efficiently.
trend of receiving and sending gifts, We formulated and urged the implementation of the Measures for
Focusing on the Special Rectification of Illegal Receipt and Sending of Gifts and Cash and the Interim
持续的风险管理与内部控制工作，有效提升了公司的风险防范能力。公司内部控制自2011年接受会计师事务所审计
Provisions for Standardizing Party Members and Cadres' Handling of Weddings, funerals, Celebrations
以来，已连续11年获得标准无保留意见的审计报告。
and other matters, which achieved initial results. We identify problems early and correct them while they
Continuous risk management and internal control work effectively improved the company's risk prevention
are nascent, adhere to the "first form" of supervision and discipline enforcement, and it has been used
ability. Since the company's internal control was audited by the accounting firm in 2011, it has obtained the
2451 times in total.
standard unqualified audit report for 11 consecutive years.
14 15
PAGE PAGE
2021企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 公司治理
实例 committee and vice president of the company, Ke Youliang and Du Ping, members of the standing committee of the
party committee and vice presidents of the company, Peng Qingyu, chairman of the labor union of the company, Party
Case Studies
member executives Liu Yunxia, Mei Xiangfu, Yuan Dezhu, Yang Hongbing, Xu Gang, Wang Jiajun, Ye Jiaxing, Zhang
Lin, some members of the Party Committee of the company, party representatives from various regions, business
operation units, directly affiliated organs, representatives of "two excellent and one first" and some new party members
公司召开庆祝中国共产党成立100周年暨表彰大会 attended the meeting at the main venue. Nearly 3000 people including heads of grass-roots party organizations, party
members and new party members of the company attended the meeting at each branch venue through video. The
The company held a ceremony marking the centenary of the Communist
meeting was presided over by Liu Fengshan.
Party of China and commendation conference
大会开始时，全体人员起立同唱国歌。在李叶青的带领下，来自主会场、各分会场的130名新党员举起右手面对鲜艳
的党旗庄严宣誓，全体党员重温入党誓词。
At the beginning of the meeting, all the people stood up and sang the National Anthem. Under the leadership of Li Yeqing,
130 new party members from the main venue and each sub-venue raised their right hands to take a solemn oath in front
of the bright party flag, and all party members reviewed the oath of joining the Party.
李叶青在会上给大家作了一堂题为《学史力行 谱写百年华新倍增发展新华章》的专题党课报告，选取了党的创立、
遵义会议、抗日民族统一战线、开国大典、十一届三中、六中全会等重大历史事件，由点及面、情理交融，深情回顾
了波澜壮阔的百年党史，以及百年华新砥砺奋进、实业报国的峥嵘岁月。
At the meeting, Li Yeqing gave them a special party lesson report entitled "learning history and making efforts to write a
new chapter for the multiplication development of Huaxin", he selected major historical events such as the founding of
the party, the Zunyi Conference, the National Anti-Japanese United Front, the founding ceremony, the third and sixth
plenary sessions of the Eleventh Central Committee, and deeply reviewed the magnificent hundred year history of the
公司党委书记、总裁李叶青作专题党课
Li Yeqing, Secretary of the Party party, ss well as huaxin hundred years of forging ahead, the extraordinary years of industrial service to the country.
committee and President of the
company, gave a special party lesson
李叶青指出，中国加入WTO不仅是中国深度参与经济全球化的里程碑，还标志着改革开放进入历史新阶段。伴随着
改革开放，中国企业步入国际化进程逐步展开。在面向世界经济舞台时，中国企业可以充分利用国际经济为其所提供
6月30日，在喜迎中国共产党百年华诞之际，公司在武汉隆重召开庆祝中国共产党成立100周年暨表彰大会，以习近平新
的各种要素及机遇，实现企业的生产国际化、销售国际化和管理国际化。
时代中国特色社会主义思想为指引，进一步激励公司各级党组织和广大党员干部，紧紧围绕倍增发展目标，坚守跟党初
Li yeqing pointed out that China's accession to the WTO is not only a milestone of China's in-depth participation in
心、勇担报国使命，加快推动公司转型高质量发展，奋力夺取“十四五”业绩开门红，献礼党的百年华诞。
economic globalization, but also marks a new historical stage of reform and opening-up. With the reform and opening up,
On June 30, to celebrate the centenary of the Communist Party of China, the company held a ceremony marking the
Chinese enterprises have stepped into the process of internationalization. When facing the world economic stage,
centenary of the Communist Party of China and commendation conference in Wuhan, under the guide of Xi Jinping Thought
Chinese enterprises can make full use of various elements and opportunities provided by international economy to
on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, further incentive company party organizations at all levels and the
realize the internationalization of production, sales and management of enterprises.
broad masses of party members and cadres, closely around multiplication development goals, stick to the patriotic mission
with party beginner's mind, accelerate the company's transformation and high-quality development, strive to seize the "14th 在谈到习近平总书记改革新征程时，李叶青就中国梦的目标和路径、新征程的内容、意义和过程、全面深化改革的必
five-year" performance off to a good start, to present the centennial birthday of the Party.
要性及举措等方面进行了详细分析。他强调，公司广大党员干部员工要从百年党史中汲取奋进力量，赓续红色基因，
传承优良传统，提振足够的精气神，在新时代新征程中谱写华新人践行初心使命的新篇章。
公司党委书记、总裁李叶青，党委副书记、副总裁刘凤山，公司党委常委、副总裁柯友良、杜平，公司工会主席彭清
When talking about Xi Jinping's new journey of reform, Li made a detailed analysis of the goals and path of the Chinese
宇，公司党员高管刘云霞、梅向福、袁德足、杨宏兵、徐钢、王加军、叶家兴、张林和部分公司党委委员以及各区域、
Dream, the content, significance and process of the new journey, as well as the necessity and measures of
各业务运营单位、直属机关的党员代表、受表彰的“两优一先”代表、部分新党员等140余人在主会场参会。公司各基 comprehensively deepening reform. He stressed that the majority of party members, cadres and employees of the
层党组织负责人、党员及新党员等近3千人通过视频在各分会场参会。会议由刘凤山主持。 company should learn from the century-old party history to forge ahead, continuously inherit the red gene, inherit the fine
Li Yeqing, secretary of the party committee and president of the company, Liu Fengshan, deputy secretary of the party
16 17
PAGE PAGE
2021企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 公司治理
公司连续第三年荣获中国百强企业奖
tradition, and raise enough energy to write a new chapter for Huaxin people to fulfill the mission of the
original aspiration in the new era and new journey. The company has won the award of China's top
100 enterprises for the third consecutive year
刘凤山作总结讲话时表示，李叶青书记的党课展示了他深入学习党史的深邃思考、精辟认识和独
到感悟，体现了他在“学党史、悟思想、办实事、开新局”上的示范带动作用。刘凤山要求各基
层党组织认真宣贯党课报告精神，围绕“学史明理、学史增信、学史崇德、学史力行”要求，深
入推进党史学习教育，统筹开展好“破思想之冰，聚发展之力”主题活动和“我为群众办实事”
实践活动，团结带领广大党员、干部和员工创先争优、克难攻坚，奋力完成年度目标。
In his concluding speech, Liu Fengshan said that Secretary Li Yeqing's party class showed his
profound thinking, incisive understanding and unique perception of in-depth study of party history,
and reflected his exemplary and leading role in "study the Party's history, understand its theories, do
practical work and make new advances ". Liu Fengshan asked all grass-roots party organizations to
earnestly publicize and implement the spirit of the party class report, deeply promote the study and
education of party history, coordinate and carry out the theme activity of "breaking the ice of thought
and gathering the power of development" and the practical activity of "I do practical things for the
masses", unite and lead the majority of Party members, cadres and employees to strive for
excellence overcome difficulties and strive to achieve the annual goal.
会上还对公司优秀共产党员、优秀党务工作者以及先进基层党组织进行了表彰。
The meeting also commended the company's outstanding Communist Party members, outstanding
Party affairs workers and advanced grass-roots Party organizations.
12月4日，由中国上市公司百强高峰论坛组委会、华顿经济研究院主办的第二十一届中国上市公
司百强高峰论坛暨颁奖典礼在上海举行，公司荣获“2021年中国百强企业奖”，这是华新连续第
三年获此殊荣。
On December 4, the 21st top 100 China listed companies Summit Forum and award ceremony
hosted by the Organizing Committee of the top 100 China listed companies Summit Forum and
Wharton Institute of economics was held in Shanghai. Huaxin won the "top 100 China enterprises
Award in 2021", which is the third consecutive year that Huaxin won this award.
在2021年，面对复杂严峻的外部环境和诸多挑战，公司构建“双作战、两不误”工作格局，切实
保障员工生命健康安全，有序稳定生产和经营，全年各项工作取得新突破，实现了高质量、高速
度、高效益发展。
In 2021, in the face of complex and severe external environment and many challenges, Huaxin built a
"double operations and no mistake" work pattern, effectively guaranteed the life and health of
employees, orderly and stable production and operation, made new breakthroughs in all work
throughout the year, and achieved high-quality, high-speed and high-efficiency development.
活动现场
Meeting site
18 19
PAGE PAGE
2021企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT SOCIAL RESPO E N N S V I I B R I O LI N T M IE E S N P T E A R L F P O R R O M T A E N C C T E IO I N N 环保履责
清洁生产
Clean Production
公司坚信，清洁生产才是污染物控制的根本路径。我们一直致力于采用“PDCA”循环模式，最大程度降低有组织排放和无组
织排放对环境的影响。通过不断强化内部环境监管，采取持续的环境审计策略，促进各分子公司优化污染治理措施，提升工厂
环境业绩。
The company firmly believes that cleaner production is the fundamental path of pollutant control. We have been committed to
04 环保履责
adopting the "PDCA" cycle mode to minimize the impact of organized and unorganized emissions on the environment. By
continuously strengthening internal environmental supervision and adopting continuous environmental audit strategy, promote each
Social Responsibilities Performance subsidiary company to optimize pollution control measures and improve the environmental performance of the factory.
in Environmental Protection
遵守环保法律法规
Abide by environmental laws and regulations
公司“新、改、扩”建项目均依据环评法的要求，落实项目“环保三同时”制度，以及清洁生产法和清洁生产主管部门的要
求，落实强制性清洁生产审核工作。
The "new, modified and expanded" projects of the company implement the "three simultaneities of environmental protection" system
of the project in accordance with the requirements of the Environment Impact Assessment Law, and implement the mandatory
cleaner production audit according to the Clean Production Law and the requirements of the competent cleaner production
作为一家以“清洁我们的生活环境，提供信赖的建筑材料”为使命的环保型公司，紧紧结合水泥工业绿
department.
色低碳发展路径，持续推行清洁生产，采用最佳污染防治技术，不断优化、提升污染物治理水平；通过
公司所有分子公司均按照排污许可管理的要求，实现依法持证排污。依据排污许可证申请与核发技术规范，定期在全国排污许
水泥绿色制造与替代原燃料协同处置结合的低碳发展战略，大力推广水泥窑协同处置替代原燃料技术，
可证管理信息平台上落实排污许可证执行报告，向社会公开主要污染物排放浓度与总量，接受社会监督。
探索、开发低碳水泥产品，力争做水泥行业“碳中和”赛道上的领跑者。
All subsidiaries of the company have achieved pollutant discharge with permits according to law in accordance with the
As an environment- friendly company with the mission of "cleaning our living environment, provide reliable requirements of pollutant discharge permit management. In accordance with the technical standards for the application and
issuance of pollutant discharge permits, we regularly publish reports on the implementation of pollutant discharge permits on the
building materials", we closely combine the green and low-carbon development path of cement industry,
National Information Platform for the Management of pollutant discharge permits, and publicize the discharge concentrations and
continue to promote clean production, use the best pollution prevention and control technology,
total quantities of major pollutants for public supervision.
constantly optimize and improve the level of pollution control; through the low-carbon development
strategy of combining green cement manufacturing and collaborative disposal of alternative raw fuels, 公司严格落实《排污单位自行监测技术指南 水泥工业》等规定，制定自行监测方案并实施，为公司的污染物排放提供内部自查
vigorously promote the technology of co- processing by the cement kiln, explore and develop low-carbon 与预警，实现主要污染物稳定达标排放。
The company strictly implements the "Self-monitoring technology guide for pollution sources- Cement manufacturing industry" and
cement products, and strive to be a leader in the " carbon neutrality " track of the cement industry.
other regulations, formulates and implements self-monitoring plans, provides internal self-inspection and early warning for the
company's pollutant discharge, and realizes the stable and up to standard discharge of major pollutants.
20 21
PAGE PAGE
2021企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT SOCIAL RESPO E N N S V I I B R I O LI N T M IE E S N P T E A R L F P O R R O M T A E N C C T E IO I N N 环保履责
强化污染物治理 大力推进“美丽工厂”建设
Strengthen pollutant control Vigorously promote the construction of "beautiful factory"
公司在不断推进污染治理水平，实现污染物逐步下降的同时，探索优化水泥窑主要污染物（颗粒物、SO2、NOx）超低排放技 2021年，公司成立了“美丽工厂”达标创建指导委员会，以环保合规性为基础，以厂容厂貌及跑冒滴漏治
术，并通过内部环境监管与治理，提升各分子公司污染物排放控制和环境管理水平，打造水泥行业绿色工厂样板。 理、厂区无组织排放治理、绿色矿山建设为主线，通过内部管理挖潜，建设“洁绿亮美”的花园式工厂，不
While continuously promoting the pollution control level and realizing the gradual decline of pollutants, the company explores and 断提升工厂环保业绩。公司下属赤壁、西藏2家工厂入选国家绿色工厂名单。截至2021年，公司共11家工
optimizes the ultra-low emission technology of main pollutants (particulate matter, SO2 and NOX) of cement kiln, improves the
厂入选。
pollutant emission control and environmental management level of each subsidiary company through internal environmental
In 2021, the company set up a "beautiful factory" compliance creation steering committee, based on
supervision and treatment, and creates a model of green factory in the cement industry.
environmental compliance, focusing on the treatment of plant appearance and leakage, the treatment of fugitive
emissions in the plant and the construction of green mines, through internal management to tap the potential,
降低有组织排放 the construction of "clean, green, bright and beautiful" garden factory, to improve the environmental protection
Reduce organized emissions performance, the company's two factories in Chibi and Tibet were selected into the list of national green
factories. by 2021, 11 factories of the company had been selected.
2021年，公司各分子公司通过强化污染物控制与治理，全年实现颗粒物、SO2、NOx等主要污染物连续稳定排放。通过
SNCR精准脱硝技术，不断优化NOx排放控制；采用湿法脱硫、复合脱硫以及生产工艺等多种技术策略实现SO2连续稳定排
放；通过强化收尘设备改造与维护，提升收尘效率，有效控制颗粒物排放。
In 2021, all subsidiaries of the company achieved continuous and stable emission of major pollutants such as particulate matter,
SO2 and NOx throughout the year by strengthening pollutant control and treatment. Continuously optimize NOx emission control
through SNCR technology; adopt various technical strategies such as wet desulfurization, compound desulfurization and
production process to realize continuous and stable emission of SO2; by strengthening the transformation and maintenance of
dust collection equipment, improve the dust collection efficiency and effectively control the emission of particulate matter.
优化无组织排放控制
Optimize fugitive emission control
公司多措并举，推行无组织排放深度治理。在工厂、矿山道路沿线设置喷淋降尘设施，并配置道路清扫车辆；在物料堆场封闭 西藏公司 Tibet factory
的同时加装雾化喷淋设施，进一步减少无组织排放对环境的影响。
The company takes multiple measures to implement in-depth treatment of fugitive emissions. Spray dust reduction facilities shall be
set along the roads of factories and mines, and road cleaning vehicles shall be equipped; while the material storage yard is closed,
atomizing and spraying facilities are installed to further reduce the impact of fugitive emission on the environment.
严格落实废水、工业固废处置
Strictly implement the disposal of waste water and industrial solid waste
公司遵循“雨污分流、清污分流、一水多用”的原则，实现水泥工厂废水“近零”排放；严格按照《固废法》要求落实工厂工
业固废综合利用及危险废物无害化处置。
The company follows the principle of "diversion of rain and sewage, diversion of clean water and sewage and multi-purpose of one
water" to realize "near zero" discharge of wastewater from cement factory; implement the comprehensive utilization of industrial
solid waste and harmless disposal of hazardous waste in strict accordance with the requirements of the
Environmental Pollution Prevention and Control Law of Solid Wastes.
赤壁公司 Chibi factory
22 23
PAGE PAGE
2021企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT SOCIAL RESPO E N N S V I I B R I O LI N T M IE E S N P T E A R L F P O R R O M T A E N C C T E IO I N N 环保履责
持续实施绿色矿山建设
Continuously implement green mine construction
公司始终树立和践行“绿水青山就是金山银山”的生态保护理念，坚定绿色发展道路不动摇，通过制定科学、系统的开
采方案，落实矿山资源综合利用。全面推行绿色矿山建设，基于矿山原生态环境，因地制宜地采用矿山治理与恢复方
案，并努力将矿山开采区域恢复到原有水平，实现矿山生态与周边环境相协调，打造生态型绿色矿山，实现矿山的永续
利用。
Huaxin has always established and implemented the ecological protection concept of "clean waters and green mountains
are just as valuable as gold and silver ", firmly adhered to the green development path, and implemented the
comprehensive utilization of mine resources by formulating scientific and systematic mining plans. Comprehensively
环保开放日活动 传递环保知识
promote the construction of green mines, based on the original ecological environment of the mine, adopt the mine Environmental protection open day activities Transfer environmental protection knowledge
treatment and restoration scheme according to local conditions, and strive to restore the mining area to the original level, so
as to realize the coordination between the mine ecology and the surrounding environment, build ecological green mines
and realize the sustainable utilization of mines.
应对气候变化
截至2021年，公司共有15家矿山入选国家级绿色矿山名录。 Tackling climate change
By 2021, the company has 15 mines selected into the National Green Mine List
围绕国家“双碳”发展战略，规划行业、公司低碳发展路径，通过大力发展水泥窑协同处置替代原燃料技术，推进
技术革新、设备升级、工艺优化，不断发掘自身碳减排潜力，稳步推进绿色低碳发展。
Focus on the national " carbon peaking and carbon neutrality" goals, we plan the low-carbon development path of the
不断提升员工与周边社区环保意识
industry and our company, by vigorously developing the technology of cement kiln co-disposal to replace raw fuel,
Continuously improve the environmental protection awareness of promote technological innovation, equipment upgrading and process optimization, constantly explore the carbon-
employees and surrounding communities reduction potential and steadily promote green and low-carbon development.
持续推行环保观察行，强化全员参与环保管理，创造“环境保护，人人有责”的良好氛围。
引领水泥行业“双碳”发展
We continued to carry out environmental protection observation, strengthened the participation of all staff in environmental
Lead the "carbon peaking and carbon neutrality"
protection management, and created a good atmosphere of "environmental protection is everyone's responsibility".
development of cement industry
实施环保专业技能培训，通过污染物治理新技术、新措施的宣贯，促进工厂不断完善污染治理水平，提升工厂环境绩
效。
We implemented environmental protection professional skills training, and promoted the factory to continuously improve the
pollution control level and improve the environmental performance of the factory through the publicity and implementation of
new technologies and measures for pollutant control.
推行工厂环保开放日活动，向公众展示工厂在污染物治理上的努力及改善，接受公众监督。开展“世界环境日”活动，
走进一线生产车间，下沉社区，向员工和社区居民传递环保知识，提升工厂所在地人员的整体环境保护意识。
We launched the factory environmental protection open day to show the public the efforts and improvements of the factory
in pollutant treatment and accept public supervision，and carried out "World Environment Day" activities, walked into the
front-line production workshop and the community, transferred environmental protection knowledge to employees and
community residents, and improved the overall environmental protection awareness of personnel in the factory. 公司总裁李叶青在2021建材行业碳减排国际论坛上发表主题演讲
Li Yeqing, President of the company, delivered a keynote speech at the 2021 International Forum on Carbon
Emission Reduction of Building Materials Industry
24 25
PAGE PAGE
2021企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT SOCIAL RESPO E N N S V I I B R I O LI N T M IE E S N P T E A R L F P O R R O M T A E N C C T E IO I N N 环保履责
公司总裁李叶青深度参与水泥行业碳减排路径规划，参加 2021建材行业碳减排国际论坛，从全生命周期的绿色低 发展“近零”碳排放建材产品
碳建筑材料理念出发，提出了从原材料矿山到建筑材料全生命周期的减碳途径，规划建筑材料行业走绿色低碳、 Developing building materials with "near zero" carbon emissions
高质量发展之路。
Li Yeqing, President of the company, deeply participated in the carbon emission reduction path planning of the
cement industry.He attended the 2021 International Forum on Carbon Emission Reduction of Building Materials
公司大力推进能源梯级利用，通过自主研发，利用余热蒸汽水热成岩反应新技术，大规模利用矿山废渣
Industry, Starting from the concept of green and low-carbon building materials in the whole life cycle, Li Yeqing
土等工业固废生产高性能环保墙材，整个生产过程中基本不产生直接二氧化碳排放，实现矿山资源全利
proposed the carbon reduction path from raw material mines to building materials in the whole life cycle, and planned
用的同时，大幅度提升水泥窑余热高效利用。
the building materials industry to take the road of green, low-carbon and high-quality development.
The company vigorously promotes the energy cascade utilization, through independent research and
development, we use the new technology of waste heat steam hydrothermal diagenetic reaction to produce
公司深度参与《温室气体核算方法与报告指南——水泥熟料工段》等相关标准和课题政策的研究、起草、修订工
high-performance environmental protection wall materials by using industrial solid wastes such as mine slag
作，从促进行业减排、对行业公平公正的角度，提出合理建议，助力水泥行业碳排放核算的规范化。
and soil on a large scale, there is basically no direct CO2 emission in the whole production process, so as to
The company has deeply participated in the research, drafting and revision of relevant standards and subject policies
realize the full utilization of mineral resources and greatly improve the efficient utilization of waste heat of
such as "Greenhouse Gas Accounting Methods and Reporting Guide -- Cement Clinker Section", and put forward
cement kiln.
reasonable suggestions from the perspective of promoting industry emission reduction and fairness to the industry,
so as to help standardize the carbon emission accounting of the cement industry.
目前，公司已建成世界首条水泥窑尾气吸碳制砖生产线，该技术将水泥窑尾气制品化，采用水泥窑尾烟
气吸碳养护工艺取代传统粘土烧成制砖和混凝土灰砂砖工艺，解决了资源消耗、能耗及二氧化碳排放的
问题，开发出水泥产业碳中和技术。以“二氧化碳传输—碳化养护—温度—后续水化”协同效应理论，
开发出了水泥产业链上碳中和的技术。以年产1亿块蒸养砖生产线为例，每年利用2.6万吨二氧化碳，全
科学规划公司“双碳”发展路径 国推广每年减碳将达到5200万吨。
Scientifically plan the "carbon peaking and carbon neutrality "
At present, the company has built the world's first concrete brick production line using CO2 discharged from
cement kiln, the technology makes the cement kiln tail gas into products, adopts the cement kiln tail gas
development path of the company
carbon absorption curing process to replace the traditional clay firing brick making and concrete lime sand
brick process, solves the problems of resource consumption, energy consumption and CO2 emission, and
develops the carbon-neutral technologies of cement industry. Based on the synergistic effect theory of "CO2
公司发布国内建材行业首份以低碳发展为主题的白皮
transmission - carbonization curing - temperature - subsequent hydration", the carbon-neutral technologies
书，将围绕碳减排路线和目标，在替代燃料、替代原 in the cement industry chain is developed. Taking the production line with an annual output of 100 million
料、熟料利用系数、燃料效率、低碳熟料开发、能源 steam cured bricks as an example, 26000 tons of carbon dioxide will be used every year, the annual carbon
利用率等绿色、低碳领域持续加强技术攻关及科技成 reduction will reach 52 million tons.
果转化，为水泥行业持续发展贡献力量，争做中国
“碳中和”道路上的行业领跑者。
The company released the first white book on low-
carbon development in the domestic building materials
industry, which will focus on the route and goal of
carbon emission reduction, and continue to strengthen technical research and the transformation of scientific and
technological achievements in green and low-carbon fields such as alternative fuels, alternative raw materials, clinker
utilization coefficient, fuel efficiency, low-carbon clinker development and energy utilization, so as to contribute to the 武穴工业园内，由水泥窑烟气
CO2 吸碳制砖自动化生产线生
sustainable development of the cement industry, strive to be the industry leader on the road of "carbon neutrality" in
产的环保砖
China. In Wuxue Industrial Park,
concrete bricks produced by
production line using CO2
discharged from cement kiln
26 27
PAGE PAGE
2021企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT SOCIAL RESPO E N N S V I I B R I O LI N T M IE E S N P T E A R L F P O R R O M T A E N C C T E IO I N N 环保履责
持续推进节能降碳工程
Continuously promote energy conservation
and carbon reduction projects
圆满完成碳交易试点履约
通过发挥水泥窑协同处置替代原料的节能降碳优势，加大生活垃圾、替代衍生燃料（RDF）、生物质等 Successful completion of carbon trading pilot implementation
的利用率，水泥窑热替代率（TSR）达到7.37%，较2020年上升2.43个百分点。2021年公司处置生活
垃圾及衍生燃料212万吨，节约标煤44万吨，减排二氧化碳121万吨，与填埋相比，净二氧化碳减排
247余万吨（等当量）。
2020履约年度，公司积极参与湖北省、重庆市、广东省的碳交易试点工作，在各试点规定的时限内，完
By taking advantage of the energy saving and carbon reduction advantages of co-processing by the cement
成碳配额履约，履行企业对气候变化的社会责任。
kiln and increasing the utilization rate of domestic waste, alternative derived fuel (RDF), biomass, etc., the
In the year of performance in 2020, the company actively participated in the pilot work of carbon trading in
thermal substitution rate (TSR) of cement kilns reached 7.37%, an increase of 2.43 percentage points over
Hubei Province, Chongqing city and Guangdong Province, completed the implementation of carbon quota
2020.In 2021, the company disposed of 2.12 million tons of domestic waste and derivative fuels, saved
within the time limit specified by each pilot, and fulfilled the corporate social responsibility for climate change.
440,000 tons of standard coal,and reduced 1.21 million tons of CO2. compared with landfill, the net carbon
dioxide emission was reduced by more than 2.47 million tons (equivalent).
公司通过广寻源，做好替代原料的质量分析与配料优化，加大对钢渣、炉渣等工业副产品的利用率，利
用替代原料对天然钙基材料的替代。2021年全年，公司水泥窑线综合利用各类工业废渣338万吨作为替 持续开展能力建设，提升工厂碳资产管理水平
代原料，直接减少碳排放34万吨。 Continuous capacity building and improvement of Carbon
Through extensive sourcing, the company has done a good job in the quality analysis and batching Asset Management
optimization of alternative raw materials, increased the utilization rate of industrial by-products such as steel
组织开展低碳周、低碳月活动，提升全员低碳意识；持续开展碳资产管理培训，提高各分子公司管理水
slag and slag, and used alternative raw materials to replace natural calcium-based materials. In 2021, the
平。
company's cement kiln line comprehensively utilized 3.38 million tons of various industrial waste residues as
Organize and carry out low-carbon week and low-carbon Month activities to enhance the low-carbon
alternative raw materials, directly reducing carbon emissions by 340,000 tons.
awareness of all staff; continue to carry out carbon asset management training to promote the management
level of each subsidiary company.
充分发掘工厂的节能减排潜力，通过预热器降阻，电耗优化等措施，实现能效水平稳步提升。
Fully explore the energy-saving and emission reduction potential of the plant, and steadily improve the
实施碳排放对标管理，将碳排放减排目标完成情况纳入水泥工厂业绩考核，促进工厂持续对标，探索过
energy efficiency level through measures such as preheater resistance reduction and power consumption
optimization. 程排放、化石燃料排放及电力排放的碳减排方案。
Implement carbon emission benchmarking management, incorporate the achievement of carbon emission
2021年重点用能行业能效“领跑者”企业名单，水泥行业上榜9家企业，华新信阳公司、株洲公司的熟 reduction targets into the performance assessment of cement plants, promote the continuous benchmarking
of cement plants, and explore carbon emission reduction schemes for process emission, fossil fuel emission
料综合能耗分别为87.95kgce/t和89.66kgce/t，位列前2。
and power emission.
In 2021, the list of energy efficiency "leaders" in key energy-using industries, 9 companies in the cement
industry, Huaxin Xinyang Company and Zhuzhou Company's comprehensive clinker energy consumption
持续推进碳排放审计工作，特别强化对非试点地区的审计工作，提升各分子公司的碳资产管理意识和水
are 87.95kgce/t and 89.66kgce/t respectively, ranking the top 2.
平，强化碳排放数据质量管理控制，规范碳资产管理。
2021年公司吨熟料综合能耗水平较2020年下降3.26kg标煤，折算减排二氧化碳约50.5万吨。 Continue to promote the carbon emission audit work, especially strengthen the audit work in non-pilot areas,
In 2021, the company's comprehensive energy consumption per ton of clinker decreased by 3.26kg of improve the carbon asset management awareness and level of each subsidiary company, strengthen the
standard coal compared with 2020, which translates to about 505,000 tons of carbon dioxide emission management and control of carbon emission data quality, and standardize carbon asset management.
reduction.
28 29
PAGE PAGE
2021企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT SOCIAL RESPO E N N S V I I B R I O LI N T M IE E S N P T E A R L F P O R R O M T A E N C C T E IO I N N 环保履责
环境服务 生活垃圾脱水技术创新
Domestic waste dehydration technology innovation
Environmental Service
随着新的脱水技术在项目上的应用，RDF含水率进一步降低，提升RDF的热值，提高水泥窑的燃煤替代
率，经济效益和环境效益显著提升。
With the application of new dehydration technology in the project, the moisture content of RDF is further
2021年，华新水泥股份有限公司旗下的全资子公司——华新环境工程有限公司接收和处置废弃物327.25万
reduced, the calorific value of RDF is increased, the coal substitution rate of cement kiln is increased, and
吨，其中生活垃圾233.51万吨，市政污泥60.36万吨、危险废物13.5万吨、污染土6.85万吨、一般废弃物
the economic and environmental benefits are significantly improved.
13.03万吨，三峡漂浮物14.4万立方。全年完成主营业务收入同比上年增长24.83%，水泥窑协同处置废弃物
总量居全国前列。
臭氧高级氧化
In 2021, Huaxin Environmental Engineering Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Huaxin Cement
Ozone advanced oxidation
Co., Ltd., received and disposed of 3.2725 million tons of waste, including 2.3551 million tons of
domestic waste, 603,600 tons of municipal sludge, 135,000 tons of hazardous waste, 68,500 tons of 利用臭氧产生的羟基自由基将污水中难生物降解的有机物进行氧化分解，该工艺能够很好地处理超滤产
contaminated soil, and 130,300 tons of general waste, 144,000 cubic meters of Three Gorges 水污染物超标问题，有效去除难降解的有机物，从而达到降低COD、脱色、除臭以及提高污水可生化
floating debris. The annual main business income increased by 24.83%, and the total amount of 性，减少对下游污水处理厂的冲击，确保生产稳定运行。超滤产水COD稳定降解到400mg/L以下，去除
collaborative disposal of waste in cement kilns ranked first in China. 率接近于60%，并提高出水的可生化性。该技术在保证工厂稳定达标排放且无二次污染物产生的同时，
创造了良好的经济效益。
武汉市约15%的生活垃圾、50%以上的城市污泥由华新进行无害化处置；河南省信阳市、四川省万源市、湖 The hydroxyl radical generated by ozone is used to oxidize and decompose the refractory organic matter in
北省鄂州市、武穴市、赤壁市、应城市、秭归县、南漳县和湖南省株洲县、攸县等市县100%的生活垃圾均交 the sewage, the process can well deal with the problem of exceeding the standard of pollutants in
给华新处置；湖北省宜昌市、大冶市及重庆涪陵100%的生活污泥也由华新进行环保处置。 ultrafiltration water production and effectively remove the refractory organic matter, so as to reduce COD,
About 15% of domestic waste and more than 50% of urban sludge in Wuhan are disposed of decolorization, deodorization, improve the biodegradability of sewage, reduce the impact on the downstream
sewage treatment plant and ensure the stable operation of production. The hydroxyl radical generated by
innocuously by Huaxin; Xinyang City of Henan Province, Wanyuan city of Sichuan Province, Ezhou
ozone is used to oxidize and decompose the refractory organic matter in the sewage. This process can well
City, Wuxue City, Chibi City, Yingcheng City, Zigui County, Nanzhang County of Hubei Province,
deal with the problem of exceeding the standard of pollutants in ultrafiltration water production and effectively
Zhuzhou County and You County of Hunan Province, 100% of the domestic waste were handed
remove the refractory organic matter, so as to reduce COD, decolorization, deodorization, improve the
over to Huaxin for disposal; 100% of domestic sludge in Yichang City, Daye City of Hubei Province
biodegradability of sewage, reduce the impact on the downstream sewage treatment plant and ensure the
and Fuling District in Chongqing are also disposed by Huaxin.
stable operation of production. The COD of ultrafiltration effluent is stably degraded to less than 400mg/L,
the removal rate is close to 60%, and the biodegradability of effluent is improved. This technology has
created good economic benefits while ensuring stable emission standards and no secondary pollutants.
环保创新创造价值
生物型除臭菌剂
Environmental protection innovation creates value
Biological deodorizer
2021年，华新环境公司积极进行技术创新，为节煤减碳、环境治理做出突出贡献。在实施技术创新的同 针对华新环保工厂垃圾处理工艺的微生物菌剂，在菌种的选择和复配设计加以优化，并适量添加生物
时，也积极推进商业创新，为实现双碳目标贡献华新力量。 酶。该技术可以控制环保工厂气体处置源头效果，减轻后端尾气的处理负荷，降低尾气处理成本，为环
In 2021, Huaxin environment company actively carried out technological innovation and made outstanding 境保护做出突出贡献。
contributions to coal saving, carbon reduction and environmental governance. While implementing technological Aiming at the microbial agent of waste treatment process in Huaxin environmental protection factory, the
innovation, it also actively promotes business innovation and contributes to the realization of the carbon peaking selection and compound design of bacteria should be optimized, and an appropriate amount of biological
and carbon neutrality goals. enzyme should be added. This technology can control the source effect of gas disposal in environmental
protection plants, reduce the treatment load of back-end tail gas, reduce the cost of tail gas treatment, and
make outstanding contributions to environmental protection.
30 31
PAGE PAGE
2021企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT SOCIAL RESPO E N N S V I I B R I O LI N T M IE E S N P T E A R L F P O R R O M T A E N C C T E IO I N N 环保履责
提高低闪点液废闪点的关键方法 打破传统，助力小微企业危废收集转运
Key methods to improve the flash point of low flash point liquid waste Break the tradition, help small and micro enterprises hazardous
waste collection and transfer
利用一般固废中的有效成分对低闪点液废进行乳化作用，对低闪点液废中高危成分进行稳定化，从而 2021年，公司对传统危废商务模式进行创新，将“生物城模式”推广至湖北、广东等地区，打造专业化
控制液废易燃性、毒性、腐蚀性和反应性，实现了“以废治废，变废为宝”。 小微企业危废转移服务团队，依托自主研发的“危废智能化系统”，以“线上智能化管家系统+线下技术
The effective components of general solid waste are used to emulsify the low flash point liquid waste, 服务+环保大数据”为模式，通过专业化技术服务、创新解决环保问题等途径，提升园区企业对环境法
and the high-risk components in the low flash point liquid waste are stabilized, so as to control the
律、法规和相关政策要求的认知、分析和遵守能力，切实促进“无废城市”建设，努力实现城市产业园
flammability, toxicity, corrosiveness and reactivity of the liquid waste, and realize "treating waste with
区绿色、低碳、循环的可持续发展。
waste and turning waste into treasure".
In 2021, the company innovated the traditional hazardous waste business model, extended the "biological
city model" to Hubei, Guangdong and other regions, and built a professional hazardous waste transfer
该技术创造经济效益的同时，降低了生产运营费用，提升了工厂运营环境。同时，开辟了公司液体处
service team for small and micro enterprises，relying on the self-developed "hazardous waste intelligent
置新道路，也为行业提供了液体废物处置新方案，促进整个行业的进步和发展。
system", the company took the mode of "online intelligent housekeeper system + offline technical services +
This technology not only creates economic benefits, but also reduces production and operation costs environmental protection big data" as the model, through professional technical services, innovative
and improves the factory operation environment. At the same time, it has opened up a new path for the solutions to environmental problems and other ways, enterprises in the park can improve their ability to
company's liquid disposal, provided a new scheme for the liquid waste disposal for the industry, and understand, analyze and comply with environmental laws, regulations and relevant policy requirements,
promoted the progress and development of the whole industry. effectively promote the construction of "waste free city", and strive to achieve green, low-carbon and circular
sustainable development of urban industrial parks.
献“智”武汉垃圾分类 环保业务蓬勃发展
Offer " Intellectualization " wuhan garbage classification Vigorous development of environmental
protection business
2021年12月，华新正式开始推广“危废智能化系统”和配套硬件设备，针对居民生活垃圾中的有害
垃圾进行流程规范，为有害垃圾的源头产生信息记录、过程流转、中转接收及配套台帐管理提供了一 华新环境公司积极拓展各类废弃物处置业务，成功签约湖北宜昌二期180吨/天水泥窑协同处置污泥项
套有效的解决方案。公司将配合城市垃圾分类专项工作不断优化系统管理水平，助力城市生活垃圾分 目，湖北大冶、赤壁20万吨/年水泥窑协同处置污染土项目合作协议；获取湖北南漳3.3万吨/年、武穴
类体系搭建，为国家碳减排战略添砖加瓦。 3.5万吨/年、长阳5万吨/年、重庆参天1万吨/年、湖南株洲3.5万吨/年、广东恩平9.5万吨/年危险废物处
In December 2021, Huaxin officially began to promote the "hazardous waste intelligent system" and 置经营许可，持续实现环保发展战略落地。
supporting hardware equipment, standardize the process of hazardous waste in residents' domestic Huaxin environment company actively develops various waste disposal businesses，and successfully
waste, and provide a set of effective solutions for information recording, process flow, transfer reception signed the 180 tons/day cement kiln co-processing of sludge project in Phase II of Hubei Yichang, and the
and supporting account management of hazardous waste at the source. The company will cooperate 200,000 tons/year cement kiln co-processing of contaminated soil project in Hubei Daye and Chibi. It has
with the special work of urban waste classification, continuously optimize the system management level, obtained the hazardous waste disposal business license of 33,000 tons/year in Nanzhang city, 35,000
help build the urban domestic waste classification system, and contribute to the national carbon tons/year in Wuxue City, 50,000 tons/year in Changyang City, Hubei Province, 10,000 tons/year in
emission reduction strategy. Chongqing City, 35,000 tons/year in Zhuzhou City, Hunan Province, and 95,000 tons/year in Enping City,
Guangdong Province, continuously realizing the implementation of environmental protection development
strategy.
32 33
PAGE PAGE
2021企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT SOCIAL RESPO E N N S V I I B R I O LI N T M IE E S N P T E A R L F P O R R O M T A E N C C T E IO I N N 环保履责
业绩指标 emergency disposal center for disposal, requesting Huaxin to provide support. After receiving the notice,
Huaxin environmental logistics company quickly organized employees to wear epidemic prevention
Performance Indicators
equipment and drive environmental logistics vehicles to the hospital.
在全封闭的医院地下废弃物仓库，华新环境物流人员协助将一批批的医疗废弃物搬运上车，在保证安全
的前提下顺利完成110桶医疗废弃物的转运及卸车。
2021年环保处置能力
In the fully enclosed underground waste warehouse of the hospital, the personnel of Huaxin environmental
Disposal capacity in 2021
logistics company assisted in transporting batches of medical waste onto the vehicle, and successfully
completed the transfer and unloading of 110 barrels of medical waste on the premise of ensuring safety.
分类项目 生活垃圾 市政污泥 污染土 漂浮物 危废 一般废弃物 总计
item MSW SS CS FM HW IW TOTAL
处置能力
危急时刻，华新人再次英勇逆行，为抗疫贡献华新力量。
（含运营/在建，万吨） 416 84 40 7 47 37 631
disposal capacity
Including operation/ in construction, 10 ktons At the critical moment, Huaxin people went retrograde again bravely, and contributed to the anti epidemic.
实例
Case Studies
临危受命，华新人再上抗疫一线
At the most critical moment, Huaxin people went to the front line
of anti epidemic again
医疗废弃物转运现场
2021年8月，武汉疫情再度发生，华新环境临危受命，冲锋到抗疫一线，协助完成武汉同济医院光谷院区医疗废弃物
Medical waste transfer site
转运任务，再次彰显出华新人不折不挠的抗疫先锋精神。
In August 2021, the epidemic situation occurred again in Wuhan, Huaxin environment company was assigned to assist in
the transfer of medical waste in Guanggu Branch of Wuhan Tongji Hospital at the most critical moment, which once again
demonstrated the indomitable pioneer spirit of anti epidemic of Huaxin people.
8月6日晚，接武汉市生态环境局通知，同济医院光谷院区有一批医疗废弃物资急需转运至武汉千子山医废应急处置中
心进行处置，请求华新提供支援。接到通知后，华新环境物流公司迅速组织员工穿戴上防疫装备，驾驶环保物流运输
车辆赶往医院。
On the night of August 6, Wuhan Ecological Environment Bureau informed that a batch of medical waste materials in
Guanggu Branch of Tongji Hospital urgently needed to be transferred to Wuhan Qianzi mountain medical waste
34 35
PAGE PAGE
2021企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT SOCIAL RESPO E N N S V I I B R I O LI N T M IE E S N P T E A R L F P O R R O M T A E N C C T E IO I N N 环保履责
秭归环保助力秭归县烟草局销毁假冒卷烟活动 参天公司与永川区生态环境局联合开展环境日宣传活动
Zigui Eco plant helps Zigui Tobacco Bureau destroy Cantian company and Yongchuan District Ecological Environment
counterfeit cigarettes Bureau jointly carried out environment day publicity activities
day, Zigui Eco plant actively cooperated with the
Tobacco Monopoly Bureau to unload the fake and
shoddy tobacco to be destroyed to the receiving
pool, After crushing and screening and other
procedures, the derivative fuel RDF was produced,
and then put it into the kiln for incineration. The
whole process of harmless and resource-based 世界环境日活动
World Environment Day activities
disposal took about 3 hours. The relevant person in
charge of the Tobacco Monopoly Bureau thanked
Zigui Eco plant for its help.
据了解，近年来相关部门不断加大打击烟草制假、
贩假的力度，查处了上百起违法案件，秭归环保多
6月25日，参天公司与重庆市永川区生态环境局在永川华茂中心商业街联合开展“人与自然 和谐共生”环境宣传志
次助力烟草监管局和烟草专卖局销毁假冒伪劣产
愿者活动，践行企业社会责任，助力区“无废城市”的创建工作，本次活动共计30余人参与。
品，为净化卷烟市场做出了积极贡献。此外，秭归
On June 25, Cantian company and Chongqing Yongchuan District Ecological Environment Bureau jointly carried out the
销毁假冒卷烟现场 环保利用水泥窑协同处置技术，曾多次协助当地主 environmental publicity volunteer activity of "harmonious coexistence between man and nature" in Yongchuan Huamao
Scene of destroying counterfeit cigarettes
管部门无害化销毁假冒伪劣产品，以实际行动践行 Central Commercial Street, practiced corporate social responsibility and helped create a "waste free city" in the district,
企业的责任和担当，为维护广大消费者的合法权益 a total of more than 30 people participated in this activity.
贡献力量。
It is understood that in recent years, relevant 本次活动由区生态环境局牵头，永川区城市管理局、企业、学校环保志愿者共同参与环境日宣传活动。活动现场，
3月15日，华新秭归环保工厂协助县烟草局对秭归县2020年以来查
departments have continuously increased their 参天公司志愿者们向前来咨询的市民发放宣传资料，讲解环保小知识，其他参与单位在宣传现场开展环境小知识有
获的假冒伪劣卷烟、罚没烟叶进行集中销毁，实现无害化处理。
efforts to crack down on tobacco counterfeiting and 奖问答活动，活动现场十分热闹。
On March 15, Huaxin Zigui environmental factory assisted the county
selling, and have investigated and dealt with This activity is led by the district ecological environment bureau, and environmental protection volunteers from
Tobacco Bureau in the centralized destruction of counterfeit and
hundreds of illegal cases, and Zigui Eco plant has Yongchuan District Urban Administration Bureau, enterprises and schools jointly participate in the publicity activities of
shoddy cigarettes and confiscated tobacco leaves seized since 2020
repeatedly assisted the tobacco regulatory bureau the environment day. At the event site, the volunteers of Cantian company distributed publicity materials to the citizens
to achieve harmless treatment.
and the tobacco monopoly bureau in destroying who came to consult to explain the small knowledge of environmental protection, other participating units carried out the
fake and shoddy products, making a positive award-winning Q&A activity of small knowledge of environment at the publicity site, the event site was very lively.
本次共销毁各类假冒伪劣卷烟70余种重360公斤、罚没烟叶4吨，共
contribution to purifying the cigarette market. In
价值31万余元。当日上午，秭归环保积极配合烟草专卖局将要销毁
addition, Zigui Eco plant has used cement kiln co- 区生态环境局对参天公司近年来多个环保项目予以肯定，对本次活动给予认可。本次世界环境日宣传活动形式多
的假冒伪劣烟草卸货至接收池，经破碎筛分等程序生产出衍生燃料
processing technology to assist local authorities in
样，过往市民参与积极性高，既加强了市民的环保意识，也进一步提升了公司环保形象。
RDF后入窑焚烧，全程无害化、资源化进行处置，整个销毁过程约 the harmless destruction of counterfeit and shoddy
The district ecological environment bureau affirmed many environmental protection projects of Cantian company in
3小时。烟草专卖局相关负责人对秭归环保提供帮助表示感谢。 products for many times, fulfilled the responsibilities
recent years and recognized this activity. The publicity activities of this world environment day have various forms, the
More than 70 kinds of counterfeit and shoddy cigarettes weighing 360 and responsibilities of the enterprise with practical
citizens had high enthusiasm for participation, which not only strengthened citizens' awareness of environmental
kg were destroyed , and 4 tons of tobacco leaves were confiscated, actions, and contributed to safeguarding the
protection, but also further improved the company's environmental protection image.
with a total value of more than 310,000 yuan. In the morning of that legitimate rights and interests of consumers.
36 37
PAGE PAGE
2021企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY PERFORMANCE IN HEALTH AND SAFETY 健康安全履责
安全培训与运行优化
Safety training and operation optimization
安全能力提升发展项目培训
Safety capability improvement project training
05 健康安全履责
2021年5-12月，分3批组织实施了6期
部长&工厂副总安全能力提升发展项
Social Responsibility Performance
目培训班，为各区域/事业部/工厂
in Health and Safety
61名部长、58名工厂副总提供了现场
安全培训和为期三个月的“一对一”
安全辅导。该培训为提升各区域/事业
部/工厂部长、副总的安全管理水平和
能力夯实了基础，为公司安全持续发
分管副总裁熊光炜在工厂副总班进行管理分享
展提供了强有力的人才支撑。 Xiong Guangwei, the vice president in charge, shared
the management with the vice president of the factory
From May to December 2021, six
training courses for the safety
capability improvement and
development project of the minister
and the deputy general manager of
factories were organized and
implemented in three batches,
providing on-site safety training and
健康安全是公司持续发展的基石，我们坚持开展安全教育培训和审计，强化职业健康管
three-month "one-to-one" safety 安全培训总监陆斌在部长班分享安全管理实践
理，完善公司健康安全制度，进一步提高员工安全技能和意识，确保公司的健康安全管理 coaching for 61 ministers and 58 Lu Bin, director of safety training, shared safety
management practice in the ministerial class
水平有效提升。 deputy general managers of each
region / business division / factory.
Health and safety is the cornerstone of the company's sustainable development.
The training has laid a solid foundation
We insist on carrying out safety education, training and audit, strengthen for improving the safety management
occupational health management, improve the company's health and safety level and ability of regional / business
division / factory directors and deputy
system, further improve employees' safety skills and awareness to ensure that
general managers, and provided
the company's health and safety management level is effectively improved. strong talent support for the
sustainable development of the
company's safety. 安全能力提升发展培训班全体师生合影
A group photo of all the teachers and students in
the training class of improving safety ability
38 39
PAGE PAGE
2021企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY PERFORMANCE IN HEALTH AND SAFETY 健康安全履责
健康与安全现场主题专家TtT培训 project leaders participated in the safety training. According to the
company's current project integration needs, the safety training department
Health and safety field subject matter expert TtT training
has optimized and designed 10 modules of project safety management
training courseware, edited and produced 31 on-site construction safety
公司组织实施健康与安全现场主题专家TtT培训项目，涵盖码头安全、项目安全、AI安全监控项目、新
training videos and 10 sets of construction site safety inspection graphic
安法解读与对策、CCM关键控制管理项目、拟晋升人员安全学习（轮岗）办法等6个主题项目；为区域 and text comparison tables, which are popularized and applied in project
及事业部等提供20场TtT现场培训，公司所有现场安全经理及相关管理人员共计484人次参加了培训； safety training, comprehensively improve the safety ability of project site
为海外、西藏等特殊区域开展2场线上直播培训97人次，全面提升公司各级安全生产管理人员的专业素 management personnel, effectively prevent and control the safety risks in
the project construction process, and help the company to double its
质和管理能力。 分管副总裁熊光炜在项目施工合同方安全专题会上讲话
development. Xiong Guangwei, vice president in charge, delivered a
The company has organized and implemented the TtT training program for health and safety field subject
speech at the safety symposium of the project
experts, covering six subject projects, including wharf safety, project safety, AI safety monitoring project, construction contractor
interpretation and countermeasures of new safety law, CCM key control management project, and safety
learning measures for personnel to be promoted; 20 TtT on-site training for the region and business
注册安全工程师考试辅导培训
division, 484 of the company's on-site safety managers and related management personnel participated in
the training; for overseas, Xizang and other special regions to carry out two online live training 97 people, Certified safety engineer examination
comprehensively improve the professional quality and management ability of safety production coaching training
management personnel at all levels of the company.
为进一步推进公司注安师项目，公司鼓励生产安全管理人员报考注册安全工程师，组织实施了注安师考
前辅导线上培训班，各区域/事业部/工厂近50名安全生产管理人员参加了线上辅导培训。截至2021年
底，全公司累计已持有国家注安师资格证人数89人，且报考与持证人数逐年增加，目前已基本覆盖公司
国内运行的水泥矿山，满足了矿山运营的安全合规性。
In order to further promote the company's certified safety engineer project, we encouraged production
safety managers to apply for the examination of certified safety engineers, and organized and implemented
an online training course for pre-exam training, nearly 50 safety production managers from all regions /
中部区域三季度TtT培训现场（同步 business units / factories participated in the online guidance training. By the end of 2021, the company has
线上直播视频培训）
accumulated 89 people hold the certified safety engineer's qualification certificate, and the number of
On site TtT training in the third
quarter of the central region applicants and holders has increased year by year, at present, it has basically covered the cement mines
(synchronous online live video
training) operated by the company in the country, meeting the safety compliance of mine operation.
项目施工合同方安全管理培训 新入职员工安全教育培训
Project construction contractor safety management training Certified safety engineer examination coaching
training
为进一步强化项目施工现场合同方安全管理，组织开展各区域/事业部项目合同方安全管理培训共9场，相关项目负责人及合同
方单位286名项目管理人员参加了安全培训。安全培训部门还根据公司当前项目一体化需求，优化设计了10个模块的项目安全管 根据公司人力资源部的要求，为所有新入职员工开展
理培训课件，剪辑制作了31个有关现场施工安全培训视频及10套施工现场安全检查图文对照表，推广应用于项目安全培训；全 入职安全教育培训。
新入职员工安全教育
面提升项目现场管理人员的安全能力，有效防控项目施工过程的安全风险，助力公司倍增发展。 According to the requirements of the company's 培训现场
In order to further strengthen the safety management of the contractor at the project construction site, we organized and carried out human resources department,we carried out induction Training site of
safety education
9 safety management training sessions for the contract party in each region/division, and 286 project managers and relevant safety education training for all new employees. for new employees
40 41
PAGE PAGE
2021企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY PERFORMANCE IN HEALTH AND SAFETY 健康安全履责
健康与安全审计
编制与发布公司《员工健康安全行动手册》
Compile and issue the company's Employee Health Health and safety audit
and Safety Handbook
为进一步落实国家及公司相关健康安全管理制度，依据有
关国家法律法规、政策及规章制度编制完成《员工健康
安全行动手册》，并印制发放至公司所有员工。为全体
员工遵守健康安全制度提供了指南，为全体员工健康安
全教育培训夯实了基础。
In order to further implement the relevant national and 赤壁公司安全审计现场
Chibi company safety audit site
company health and safety management systems, the
employee Health and Safety Handbook is prepared
according to relevant national laws, regulations, policies
2021年组织完成了含水泥、骨料、装备、环保、新材料、混凝土在内的31个工厂的健康安全审计。从公司
and rules, printed and distributed to all employees of the
company. It provides guidance for all employees to abide 员工健康安全行动手册 层面组织生产运行、设备维修、人力资源、健康与安全等各层级管理人员147人 (其中生产维修和安全各占
Employee Health and Safety Handbook
by the health and safety system and lays a solid 50%)参与安全审计，坚持以审代训原则，为被审计工厂400余名管理人员从各专业层面提供了相应安全知
foundation for health and safety education training for all 识分享和交流，双向、有效提升了审计人员与被审计人员的健康安全管理能力。通过审计，帮助工厂累计
employees. 发现各类安全管理问题1769项，给出整改建议并监督执行，有效降低了生产过程中的安全风险。通过审计
发现良好实践33项、正面发现237项，及时将其在公司内进行分享推广，促进了各单位之间安全管理学习
交流和持续改进。
In 2021, we organized and completed the health and safety audit of 31 factories including cement,
持续推行、优化实施“iSave”十条黄金/白银/青铜规定 aggregate, equipment, environmental protection, new building materials and concrete. At the
Continuously implement and optimize the implementation company level, 147 managers at all levels of production operation, equipment maintenance,
of the “isave” ten gold / silver / bronze regulations human resources, health and safety (of which production maintenance and safety account for
50% respectively) were organized to participate in safety audit, adhering to the principle of
为了帮助公司员工及合同方进一步理解“iSave”系列规定，在持续对“iSave”十条黄金/白银/青铜规定及 replacing training with audit, more than 400 managers of the audited factory were provided with
视频学习、践行、应用的基础上，进一步设计制作完成“iSave”十条黄金/白银/青铜规定漫画图集285 relevant safety knowledge sharing and communication from various professional levels, it has
张，便于基层员工安全教育培训可视化。 two-way, effectively improved the health and safety management ability of auditors and auditees.
In order to help the company's employees and contractors further understand the "isave" series of Through the audit, the company helped the factory find 1769 safety management problems, gave
regulations, on the basis of continuous learning, practice and application of the "isave" ten gold / silver rectification suggestions and supervised the implementation, effectively reducing the safety risks
/bronze regulations and videos, 285 cartoon pictures of the "isave" ten gold / silver / bronze regulations were
in the production process. Through the audit, 33 good practices and 237 positive findings were
further designed and produced to facilitate the visualization of safety education and training for grass-roots
found, which were shared and promoted in the company in time, and promoted the learning,
employees.
communication and continuous improvement of safety management among all units.
全年通过审计、审计回访等工作进行603人次的现场安全支持与辅导，现场支持过程中开展可视个人承诺
VPC共156次。了解员工作业中的安全应知应会情况，对安全工作的行动达成一致，通过交流强化安全工
42 43
PAGE PAGE
2021企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY PERFORMANCE IN HEALTH AND SAFETY 健康安全履责
作的重要性，鼓励持续沟通，强化良好的安全实践和行为， Lijiang, Shuicheng, Sangzhi, Diwei and Cantian) to
以员工安全的工作承诺和参与度，提高安全工作行为，以期 establish healthy enterprises. Taking the
establishment of a healthy enterprise as the platform,
达到减少事故和伤害的目标。
strengthen the communication with the factory
Throughout the year, 603 person times of on-site
management, department heads and employees in
safety support and guidance were conducted through
terms of health through cross departmental
audit, audit return visit and other work, in the process of
cooperation, kick-off meeting, training exchange and
on-site support, visual personal commitment was
analysis of the actual health status of factory
carried out for 156 times. To understand the safety employees, so as to improve the recognition of the
mastery of employees in operation, reach an management on the value of health management and
峰公司“健康企业”创建启动会现场
agreement on the actions of safety work, strengthen guide employees to establish the concept of "everyone
现场审计观察交流 Hefeng company's "Healthy Enterprise"
the importance of safety work through communication, On site audit observation and communication is the first person responsible for their own health". creation kick-off meeting
encourage continuous communication, strengthen
good safety practice and behavior, and improve the
safety work behavior with employees' safe work
commitment and participation, so as to achieve the goal
健康评估与健康沟通
of reducing accidents and injuries.
Health assessment and health communication
2021年，职业健康与工业卫生团队共计收集整理6357名员工的个人健康信息，并利用缺血性心血管病
(ICVD)10年发病风险评估和糖尿病10年发病风险评估工具对员工发病风险进行评估，同时为评估出
职业健康与工业卫生 来的部分高风险人群进行一对一沟通，引导员工培养健康的生活方式。
In 2021, occupation health and industrial hygiene team collected personal health information of 6357
Occupational health and industrial hygiene
employees, and evaluated the risk of employees by using the 10 year risk assessment of ischemic
cardiovascular disease (ICVD) and the 10 year risk assessment tool for diabetes，meanwhile, the group
conducted a one-to-one communication for some high-risk groups and led them to develop a healthy
lifestyle.
持续推进“健康企业”创建
Continue to promote the establishment of "Healthy Enterprise"
积极响应全国爱卫办、国家卫生健康委、工业和信息化部、生态环境部、全国总工会、共青团中央、全国妇联联合印发
《关于开展健康企业建设的通知》的号召，辅导公司8家工厂（鹤峰、房县、红河、丽江、水城、桑植、地维、参天）创
建健康企业。以健康企业创建为平台，通过跨部门合作、启动会、培训交流、分析工厂员工的实际健康状态等方式，加
强和工厂管理层、部门负责人及员工在健康方面的沟通，提升管理层对健康管理价值的认同度，引导员工树立“每个人
是自己健康第一责任人”的观念。
Actively responded to the call of the national patriotic health office, the National Health Commission, the Ministry of Industry
与员工开展“一对一”健康沟通
and Information Technology, the Ministry of Ecological and Environment, the All China Federation of Trade Unions, the "one-to-one" healthy communication with
employees
Central Committee of the Communist Youth League and the All China Women's Federation to jointly issue the notice on
developing the construction of healthy enterprises, and assisted the company's 8 factories (Hefeng, Fangxian, Honghe,
44 45
PAGE PAGE
2021企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY PERFORMANCE IN HEALTH AND SAFETY 健康安全履责
培训支持
Training support 大力开展健康安全月活动
Vigorously carry out Health and Safety
2021年为公司24家单位共计730人次提供了职 Month activities
业卫生及健康知识的培训,根据海外工厂面临的
传染性疾病（埃博拉、疟疾、登革热、艾滋病
等）制作相关视频材料供员工培训学习。
In 2021, the company provided occupational
health and health knowledge training for a total
of 730 people from 24 units, and made relevant
video materials according to infectious diseases
(Ebola, malaria, dengue fever, AIDS, etc.) faced
by overseas factories for staff training and
learning.
2021年工业卫生风险评估培训师生合影
Group photo of industrial hygiene risk assessment
training in 2021 健康安全月启动会
Health and Safety Month Kick-off Meeting
职业健康与工业卫生基础工作 为深化健康安全责任意识，持续改进健康安全工作，助力公司倍增式发展开新局，结合公司当前
Basic work of occupational health and industrial hygiene 生产经营实际，2021年6月在全公司范围内开展了以“落实安全责任，推动安全发展”为主题的
“健康安全月”活动。并同步开展了“安全责任大家谈”和“健康安全风险管控”竞赛活动。员
工学习踊跃，反响强烈，脱颖而出了大量优秀单位和作品。在公司OA内网开设的“大家谈”专
公司一如既往地关注员工健康、现场作业环境及合规性问题。截止目前，自有员工和合同方员工共计10098余人参加职业
栏，从收到的员工及合同方的1646件作品中，筛选、发布18期共108件作品；“健康安全风险管
健康检查，另有新入职659人，离职260人，转岗165人，均按要求参加职业健康检查。截止2021年12月，全公司共配置
控”竞赛共收到106件作品，择优在企业微信“创享”平台分享了其中的46件作品。活动调动了
血压计376台，自动体外除颤仪（AED）59台，自给式呼吸器（SCBA）157台。公司全年累计投入约6256万元，完成
全员自觉践行健康安全改进工作的积极性，健康安全责任意识持续提升，健康安全行为得到良性
粉尘、噪声、人机工程及其他职业危害改善项目118个，其中新改自动化水泥插袋生产线10条，使在生产现场工作的
转变，进一步夯实了健康安全管理基础。
3002名员工从中直接受益。
In order to deepen the awareness of health and safety responsibility, continuously improve health
The company always pays attention to employee health, on-site working environment and compliance issues. Up to now,
and safety work, and help the company multiplier development and open a new situation, combined
more than 10098 self-owned employees and contractor's employees have participated in the occupational health examination,
with the company's current production and operation reality, a "Health and Safety Month" activity with
and 659 new employees, 260 resigned and 165 transferred, all of whom have participated in the occupational health
the theme of "implementing safety responsibility and promoting safety development" was carried out
examination as required. By December 2021, the company had 376 sphygmomanometers, 59 automatic external defibrillators
throughout the company in June 2021. The competition activities of "safety responsibility talk" and
(AED) and 157 Self-contained breathing apparatus (SCBA). The company invested about 62.56 million yuan in the whole year
"health and safety risk control" were carried out simultaneously. The staff are enthusiastic in learning
to complete 118 projects to improve dust, noise, ergonomics and other occupational hazards, including 10 new automatic
and have a strong response, and a large number of outstanding units and works stand out. In the
cement bag inserting production lines, which directly benefited 3002 employees working on the production site.
"safety responsibility talk " column opened on the company's OA intranet, 108 works in 18 issues
were screened and released from 1646 works received by employees and contractors; a total of 106
2021年有209人取得职业健康管理人员证书，提升了公司整体合规性，2257人取得急救员证书，3514人参加了自动体外除
works were received in the "health and safety risk control" competition, and 46 of them were shared
颤仪（AED）的使用培训，2084人参加了自给式呼吸器（SCBA）的培训，有效提高工厂人员对应急事件的处理能力。
on the enterprise wechat "chuangxiang" platform. The activity mobilized the enthusiasm of all staff to
In 2021, 209 people obtained the certificate of occupational health management personnel, which improved the overall
consciously practice the improvement of health and safety, continuously improved the awareness of
compliance of the company, 2257 people obtained the certificate of first aider, 3514 people participated in the use training of
health and safety responsibility, made a benign change in health and safety behavior, and further
AED, and 2084 people participated in the training of SCBA, which effectively improved the ability of factory personnel to deal
consolidated the foundation of health and safety management.
with emergencies.
46 47
PAGE PAGE
2021企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY PERFORMANCE IN HEALTH AND SAFETY 健康安全履责
开展“健康知识我知晓”学习答题及“健康达人” 开展一级安全生产标准化创建工作
评选活动 Carry out the establishment of primary safety
Carry out the learning of "I know health production standardization
knowledge" and the selection of "health talent"
2021年，公司根据国家应急管理部新的安标评审定级管理办
法，积极协调、推进一级安全标准化创建工作，持续强化企业
为鼓励公司员工广泛参与健康知识普及行动，引导员工养成健康的生活方式，科学精准做好常态
安全主体责任的落实。通过全员参与，建立健全安全管理体
化疫情防控，以切实提升员工的健康素养，降低慢性病和突发疾病发生率，结合公司实际，在全
系，全面管控安全生产工作，实现了安全管理系统化、岗位操
公司范围内组织开展“健康知识我知晓”学习答题及“健康达人”评选活动。截止2021年底，共
作规范化、设备设施本质化、作业环境定置化，提高公司本质
计在公司学习平台上发布健康相关主题视频12个，累计55000余人次参与视频学习及答题。通过
安全管理水平，有效降低了事故的发生，最终实现企业安全达
与公司总工会的齐心协作，经层层选拔，在众多“健康达人”参赛选手中评选出具有代表性的
标。
“健康达人”12名。并通过视频访谈等形式向全公司员工推送其健康的生活方式，营造“我要健
In 2021, the company actively coordinated and promoted the
康”的健康生活氛围。
秭归公司一级安标评审现场
establishment of primary safety standardization according to
In order to encourage employees of the company to widely participate in health knowledge Zigui Company review site
the new safety standard review and grading management
popularization, guide them to develop a healthy lifestyle, scientifically and accurately do a good job in
measures of the National Emergency Management standardization of post operation, the
normalized epidemic prevention and control, so as to effectively improve employees' health literacy
Department, and continued to strengthen the implementation of essentialization of equipment and fixed location of
and reduce the incidence of chronic and sudden diseases, combined with the actual situation of the
the main responsibility of enterprise safety. Through full working environment, improve the company's
company, we organized and carried out " I know health knowledge " learning and "health talent"
participation, establish and improve the safety management intrinsic safety management level, effectively
selection activities throughout the company. By the end of 2021, a total of 12 videos on health-
system, comprehensively control the safety production work, reduce the occurrence of accidents, and finally
related topics had been released on the company's learning platform, with a total of more than
realize the systematization of safety management, the achieve the safety standard of the enterprise.
55,000 people participating in video learning and answering questions. Through the concerted
cooperation with the general trade union of the company, through layers of selection, 12
representative "health talents" were selected among the many "health talents" contestants. And
推进安全管理智能化
through video interviews and other forms to promote their healthy lifestyle to the employees of the
whole company, so as to create a healthy living atmosphere of "I want to be healthy". Promote intelligent safety management
2021年，公司试点推进“人工智能安全监控及视频监控”项目，由职业健康与安全系统、数字化创新中心共同联合推
进。项目旨在通过生产现场设置的摄像头对监控区域实施24小时监控，对指定违章行为进行辨识、抓拍，将违章照片
推送给指定人员，并对违章行为进行事后追究。公司在阳新公司进行了AI安全监控系统的部署，已实现了安全帽佩
戴、区域入侵、安全带系挂、高温隔热服穿戴以及救生衣穿戴5种违章行为的抓拍推送。后续将在有条件的工厂采取
定制化方式推广实施，推进公司安全管理智能化。
In 2021, the company piloted the "artificial intelligence safety monitoring and video monitoring" project, which was jointly
promoted by occupational health and safety system and digital innovation center. The project aims to implement 24-hour
monitoring of the monitoring area through the cameras set at the production site, identify and capture the specified
在公司学习平台发布的12个健康 violations, push the violation photos to the designated personnel, and investigate the violations afterwards. The company
主题视频 has deployed AI safety monitoring system in Yangxin company, and has realized the capture and push of 5 illegal
12 health theme videos
released on the company's behaviors, including helmet wearing, area intrusion, safety belt hanging, high-temperature thermal insulation clothing and
learning platform
life jacket wearing. In the future, customized methods will be adopted in qualified factories to promote the implementation
and promote the intellectualization of the company's safety management.
48 49
PAGE PAGE
2021企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY PERFORMANCE IN HEALTH AND SAFETY 健康安全履责
实例
业绩指标
Case Studies
Performance Indicators
安全生产投入情况（万元）
武穴、秭归公司获湖北省首批“健康企业”称号
Safety investment (10 thousand RMB)
Wuxue and Zigui companies won the title of the first
batch of "Health Enterprises" in Hubei Province
44868
50000
40000
4月25日，在湖北省第19个《职业病防治法》宣传周仪式上，省卫健委、省文明办、省经信厅、省人社
34951
35000 厅、省应急管理厅、省总工会联合发布了首批湖北省“健康企业”名单，华新武穴公司、秭归公司两家
31881
单位榜上有名。
30000
On April 25, at the ceremony of the 19th publicity week of the Occupational Disease
25000
Prevention Law in Hubei Province, the Provincial Health Commission, the Provincial Civilization
20000 Office, the Provincial Department of economy and information technology, the Provincial
Department of Human Resources and Social Security, the Provincial Emergency Management
15000
Department and the Provincial Federation of Trade Unions jointly released the list of the first
10000
batch of "Health Enterprises" in Hubei Province, which was listed by Wuxue company and Zigui
5000 company of Huaxin.
0
2019 2020 2021
“健康企业”建设活动由湖北省卫健委等多部门联合开展，旨在推动企业不断强化健康保护意识，完善
各项制度措施，切实提高企业卫生健康工作质量和水平，是推进“健康湖北”建设的重要内容。自“健
百万工时损失事故率 康企业”建设活动开展以来，武穴、秭归公司通过完善安全设施、改善作业环境、强化人员安全培训等
Accident rate per million work hours 多样化举措，持续提升企业健康管理水平和提高员工健康保护意识。
The construction activity of "Healthy Enterprise" is jointly carried out by Hubei Provincial Health
0.48
0.50 Commission and other departments, it aims to promote enterprises to continuously strengthen
0.42
0.45 their awareness of health protection, improve various systems and measures, and effectively
0.40 0.39 improve the quality and level of enterprise health work, it is an important content to promote the
construction of "Healthy Hubei". Since the "Healthy Enterprise" construction activities were
0.35
carried out, Wuxue and Zigui companies have continuously improved the level of enterprise
0.30
health management and employees' awareness of health protection through diversified
0.25
measures such as improving safety facilities, improving working environment and
0.20
strengthening personnel safety training.
0.15
0.10
此次获评湖北省“健康企业”是对公司依法履行职业病防治等责任和义务、营造企业健康文化、履行企
0.05
业社会责任、有效保护劳动者健康与福祉等工作的肯定。后期，公司将持续推进健康安全培训和审计，
0
不断完善公司健康安全文化和制度，进一步提升员工职业健康及安全防范意识，实现企业建设与个人健
2019 2020 2021
康协调发展。
50 51
PAGE PAGE
2021企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY PERFORMANCE IN HEALTH AND SAFETY 健康安全履责
奖牌
"Health Enterprise" Medal
of Hubei Province
The award of "Healthy Enterprise" in Hubei Province is an affirmation of the company's
performance of responsibilities and obligations such as occupational disease 直播现场
Live broadcast
prevention and control according to law, the creation of corporate health culture, the
performance of corporate social responsibility, and the effective protection of workers'
health and well-being. In the later stage, the company will continue to promote health
and safety training and audit, constantly improve the company's health and safety
涪陵公司相关负责人通过与会场嘉宾视频连线，对涪陵公司矿山生产进行直播和讲解。该公司在矿山工作中
culture and system, further improve employees' awareness of occupational health and
严格落实一线岗位员工安全生产责任制，以科学管理排除风险，确保了矿山工作的持续安全稳定。
safety prevention, and realize the coordinated development of enterprise construction
The relevant person in charge of Fuling company broadcast and explained the mine production of
and personal health. Fuling company through video connection with the guests. The company strictly implemented the
safety production responsibility system of front-line employees in the mine work, eliminated risks
through scientific management, and ensured the continuous safety and stability of the mine work.
涪陵公司相关负责人表示，涪陵公司是国家安全生产标准化一级企业，矿山被评为涪陵区非煤矿山安全生产
先进集体。该公司高度重视一线岗位从业人员安全生产责任的落实，通过编制安全顺口溜、开展班前会讲风
涪陵公司矿山“直播亮相”重庆应急管理工作现场会 险、知识竞赛考职责、岗位巡检查操作、实战演练强应急等活动，持续提升员工的安全意识和技能。涪陵公
Fuling mine participated in the on-site meeting of Chongqing 司矿山还通过建立健全考核制度，运用AI技术和卫星定位技术建立强大的隐患排查治理系统，实现一线岗位
emergency management 安全生产责任的制度化、规划化、信息化、智能化，为矿山安全生产提供了强力支撑。
The relevant person in charge of Fuling company said that Fuling company is a first-class
enterprise of national safety production standardization, and the mine was rated as the advanced
9月27-28日，重庆召开应急管理工作现场会。会议将华新涪陵公司石灰石矿山作为全市非煤矿
collective of non-coal mine mountain safety production in Fuling District. The company attaches
山安全生产的优秀典型，以实况直播方式展示了该公司一线岗位员工安全生产责任制落实情
great importance to the implementation of the safety production responsibility of employees in front-
况，受到与会代表好评，有力提升了涪陵公司在重庆的美誉度和影响力。
line posts, and continuously improves the safety awareness and skills of employees through the
From September 27 to 28, Chongqing held an on-site meeting on emergency
preparation of safety doggerels, pre-shift meeting on risks, knowledge competition of
management. The meeting took the limestone mine of Huaxin Fuling company as an
responsibilities, post patrol inspection of operation, Strengthen emergency handling capacity
excellent model of safety production in non-coal mine mountains in the city, and
through actual combat drills. Fuling mine also established a strong hidden danger investigation and
showed the implementation of the safety production responsibility system of front-line
treatment system by establishing and improving the assessment system and using AI technology
employees of the company in the form of live broadcast, which was highly praised by
and satellite positioning technology, so as to realize the institutionalization, planning, informatization
the participants and effectively improved the reputation and influence of Fuling
and intelligence of safety production responsibility of front-line posts, which provided strong support
company in Chongqing.
for mine safety production.
52 53
PAGE PAGE
2021企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT STAFF DEVELOPMENT 员工发展
培训与发展
Training & Development
管理培训
Management Training
公司持续开展定制化管理培训项目，培训课程结合公司业务实际进行定制化制作。公司高管和资深职能总监
06
员工发展 担任公司级定制化管理课程的内部培训讲师，共计1585人次参加了“圆梦之旅”、Mini-MBA、中级管
理、新提拔管理人员和水泥工业生产成本管理、基础管理培训项目，持续提升各级管理人员的领导力，其中
“圆梦之旅”培训项目为公司首次开展，助力公司业绩倍增计划实现。对公司储备人才和总部新员工开展职
Staff Development
业健康与安全、企业文化、管理制度、职业生涯规划、时间管理等专题培训。组织开展在线管理课程和在线
英语培训，全年总计14652人完成在线管理课程的培训、299人次完成在线英语的培训。
The company continued to carry out customized management training projects, and the training courses were
customized in combination with the actual business of the company. Senior executives and senior functional
directors of the company served as internal training lecturers for company level customized management
courses, with a total of 1585 people participating in the "dream journey", mini-MBA, intermediate management,
newly promoted management personnel, production cost management and basic management training projects
of cement industry, so as to continuously improve the leadership of managers at all levels, among them, the
"dream journey" training project was carried out for the first time to help realize the company's performance
doubling plan. Special training were carried out on occupational health and safety, corporate culture,
management system, career planning, time management and other topics for the reserved talents of the
company and new employees of the headquarters. Online management courses and online English training
were organized and carried out, a total of 14652 people completed online management courses and 299 people
completed online English training throughout the year.
公司始终坚持以人为本，关心员工、聚焦员工，努力提升员工薪酬标准和福利待遇，不断提升
员工的归属感和幸福感。同时，十分重视员工的培训与发展，通过线上、线下相结合的方式，
针对不同层级、不同类型员工开展多样化、差异化培训，推动公司学习型组织的构建，不断提
升公司核心竞争力，助力企业高质量发展。 技术培训
Technical Training
The company always put people first, cares about and focuses on our employees, strives to
improve their salary standards and welfare treatment, and constantly enhance their sense of
公司持续开展工艺、质量、维修等关键岗位认证性培训，窑磨机械、电气、自动化、振动分析等工程师培
belonging and happiness. At the same time, we attach great importance to the training and
训，系列初/中/高级维修工、生产转维修、润滑工、联轴器中心线找正、低压变频器等专项培训项目，提高自
development of employees, through the combination of online and offline, we carry out
有维修人员理论知识水平和实践操作技能，满足公司生产运营的需要。组织开展机械设备风险研讨会、电气
diversified and differentiated training for different levels and types of employees, promote the
自动化设备可靠性研讨会，同时与第三方合作，开展菲斯特秤、荧光分析、管理体系相关培训，提升技术人
construction of the company's learning organization, continuously improve the company's core
员的专业水平，降低生产成本、提升运营业绩。参加碳中和、碳达峰、环保节能等水泥行业的技术交流，了
competitiveness and help the high-quality development of the enterprise. 解行业最新动态，为华新的技术创新、持续改进提供支持。全年培训时间达1470课时，共计210天，培训学
员达1759人次。
54 55
PAGE PAGE
2021企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT STAFF DEVELOPMENT 员工发展
The company continued to carry out certification training for key posts such as process, quality and 财务培训
maintenance, training for engineers of kiln and mill machinery, electrical, automation and vibration analysis, and Financial Training
a series of special training programs for initial/medium/senior maintenance workers, production to
maintenance, lubricators, alignment of coupling centerline, low-voltage frequency converters, so as to improve
公司依据财务组织架构调整和变化，组织实施“财赋+培训计划”，更加注重培训针对性和
the theoretical knowledge and practical operation skills of its own maintenance personnel, meet the needs of
实效性。一是组织“财商特训营”，从战略思维、管理会计实务和财务软技能三个方面培养
the company's production and operation. Organized and carried out mechanical equipment risk seminars and
出一批财商型财务骨干和后备人才；二是组织全体财务人员参加“财创在线课程”，提供精
electrical automation equipment reliability seminars, at the same time, cooperated with third parties to carry out
选100+财务专业课程，通过“必修+选修”课程形式提高整体财务管理水平和专业技能；三
training related to fester scale, fluorescence analysis and management system, so as to improve the
professional level of technicians, reduce production costs and improve operation performance. Participated in 是组织中层财务管理人员参加“财智公开课”，学习前沿的理论知识，并与其他同行业务交
technical exchanges in the cement industry such as carbon neutralization, carbon peak, environmental 流；四是组织高层财务管理人员标杆参访，学习和体验标杆企业的财务管理智慧和经验。
protection and energy conservation, understood the latest trends of the industry, and provided support for According to the adjustment and change of financial organization structure, the company
Huaxin's technological innovation and continuous improvement. The annual training time reached 1470 class organized and implemented the "wealth+training plan", paying more attention to the pertinence
hours, a total of 210 days, and 1759 trainees. and effectiveness of training. One is to organize the "Financial intelligence Training Camp", from
the strategic thinking, management accounting practice and financial soft skills of three aspects
to train a number of financial intelligence financial backbone and backup talents; Second,
organize all financial staff to participate in "Caichuang Online course", selected 100+ financial
professional courses, through the form of "compulsory + elective" courses to improve the
采购培训
overall level of financial management and professional skills; Third, organize middle-level
Procurement Training financial managers to participate in the "Open class of Financial Wisdom" to learn cutting-edge
theoretical knowledge and communicate with other peers; Fourth, organize high-level financial
management personnel to visit benchmarking enterprises to learn and experience their financial
公司持续打造采购系统人才梯队培养项目，实施第二期菁英计划-高潜人才项目，邀请公司采购总监、各领
management wisdom and experience.
域业务专家授课；组织开展采购系统首届应知应会知识竞赛，采购全员参加线上、线下培训40余场，每周
组织在线考试（累计9期），近2100人次参与线上答题；围绕公司战略组织开展可替代燃料/原料（AFR）
培训，为后续工作提供标准模板；组织开展“顾问式”采购培训，赴区域/业务运营部门开展专项培训；为
促进一体化战略落地，持续组织开展一体化理念培训及非水泥产品知识培训，拓展采购人员视野，与公司
内训师管理
的发展同轨并向。全年累计开展各类线上、线下培训80余场，超1000余人次参加了培训，为公司持续储备
Internal trainer Management
高素质采购人才。
The company continued to build a talent echelon training project for the procurement system, implemented the
second phase of the elite plan - high potential talent project, and invited the company's procurement director
2021年，在全公司范围内组织开展内训师的认证工作，共计337名内训师参加认证，231人
and business experts in various fields to give lectures; organized and carried out the first knowledge
入围资深培训师，其中87人获得提名参加首席认证。在全公司范围内持续开展内训师俱乐
competition of the procurement system, all procurement staff participated in more than 40 online and offline
部，公司累计组建54家内训师俱乐部，全年共开展55期内训师俱乐部例会活动，参与人次达
trainings, organized online examinations every week (9 sessions in total), and nearly 2100 people participated
1548人。持续提升公司内训师的专业能力和授课技巧，打造专业的内训师团队。
in online answer; organized and carried out Alternate Fuels and Raw Materials (AFR) training around the
In 2021, the certification of internal trainers was organized throughout the company, a total of
company's strategy and provide standard templates for follow-up work; organized and carried out "consultant"
337 internal trainers participated in the certification, and 231 were shortlisted as senior trainers,
procurement training, and carried out special training in regional/business operation departments; in order to
of which 87 were nominated to participate in the chief certification. The company continued to
promote the implementation of integration strategy, continued to organize and carry out integration concept
carry out internal trainer clubs throughout the company, and has established a total of 54
training and non-cement product knowledge training, expanded the vision of purchasers, and kept pace with
internal trainer clubs, and carried out 55 regular meetings of internal trainer clubs throughout
the development of the company. In the whole year, more than 80 online and offline trainings were carried out,
the year, with 1548 participants. Continuously improve the professional ability and teaching
and more than 1000 people participated in the training, so as to continuously reserve high-quality procurement
skills of the company's internal trainers, and build a professional internal trainer team.
talents for the company.
56 57
PAGE PAGE
2021企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT STAFF DEVELOPMENT 员工发展
福利与关怀 employees in need. In 2021, a total of 357 employees in need were assisted, with the amount of
assistance reaching more than 450,000 yuan; strive for assistance funds from superior organizations,
Welfare and care
with a total of more than 100,000 yuan, rescue three employees in extreme poverty, and realize all
employees in extreme poverty to get out of poverty; the labor union of the company carried out daily
assistance and assistance to 2 employees in need, with the amount of 20,000 yuan; the health fund for
薪酬福利 female workers helped 14 female workers, with a relief amount of more than 30,000 yuan. In this year,
376 employees in difficulty were assisted, and the amount of assistance was more than 600,000 yuan.
Salary and welfare
2021年，面对复杂严峻的外部环境和诸多挑战，公司仍对员工年度薪酬进行了回顾和调整，采用
年度普调和特别调薪相组合的方式，主要向基层员工倾斜，提升员工幸福感和获得感。
员工休养
In 2021, in the face of complex and severe external environment and many challenges, the company
Staff recuperation
still reviewed and adjusted the annual salary of employees, and adopted the combination of annual
general salary and special salary adjustment to mainly favor grass-roots employees and improve their
sense of happiness and acquisition. 公司工会克服新冠疫情的影响，通过合理的调整休养时间、地点等措施，在确保员工安全健康的前提下，持
续开展员工休养活动，组织公司员工在昆明和珠海休养中心休养，参加人数达520人。
The labor union of the company overcame the influence of COVID-19, and through reasonable adjustment of
recuperation time and location and so on, under the premise of ensuring the safety and health of employees, the
company continued to carry out employee recuperation activities, and organized employees to recuperate in
员工关怀 Kunming and Zhuhai recuperation center. The number of participants was 520.
Employees care
公司始终坚持以人为本，关爱员工，帮扶困难员工，丰富员工业余文化生活，提升员工归属感和
幸福感。
The company always put people first, cares for employees, helps employees with difficulties, enriches
employees' amateur cultural life, and improves employees' sense of belonging and happiness.
帮扶慰问
Help and sympathy
公司工会持续开展“两节”困难帮扶活动，缓解了困难员工燃眉之急。2021年，共计帮扶困难员
工357人次，帮扶金额达45万余元；争取上级组织帮扶资金，累计10余万元，救助特困员工3
人，实现特困员工全部脱困出库；公司工会开展日常特困帮扶救助，救助困难员工2人，帮扶金额
2万元；女职工安康基金救助女职工14人，救助金额3万元以上。本年度帮扶救助困难员工合计
376人，救助金额60万余元。
The labor union of the company continued to carry out the " two festivals " activities to help the
58 59
PAGE PAGE
Silhouette
of
staff
recuperation
员工休养剪影
2021企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT STAFF DEVELOPMENT 员工发展
竞赛和文体活动 业绩指标
Competitions and sports activities
Performance Indicators
2021年,公司持续开展一线技术工人的技能培训和竞赛活动，相继组织东部、西部区域事业部开展了窑操、磨
操、物理检验、化学分析、电工、钳工、焊工等多岗位技能培训和竞赛活动。以劳动竞赛为基础，加大推
员工总人数
荐、申报各类先进力度，本年度共计有16人次分别荣获全国、省、市“五一劳动奖章”等多项荣誉。 Total number of employees
In 2021, the company continued to carry out skill training and competition activities for front-line technical 20000
workers, and successively organized the eastern and western regional business departments to carry 19000
out multi post skill training and competition activities such as kiln operation, grinding operation, physical
18000
16283
inspection, chemical analysis, electrician, fitter and welder. On the basis of labor competition, we have 16167
17000
16120
increased our efforts to recommend and declare all kinds of advanced work, a total of 16 people have
16000
won the national, provincial and municipal "May 1st Labor Medal" and many other honors this year.
15000
持续开展“乐问”知识分享平台分享活动，推动知识分享和十佳能手评比相结合，鼓励员工主动分享知识和 14000
经验，平台全年累计访问人次达182万、访问人数达8万，汇编分享优秀成果427个，取得了良好效果。 13000
The company continued to carry out the sharing activities of the "Le Wen" knowledge sharing platform, 12000
promoted the combination of knowledge sharing and the evaluation of the top ten experts, and
11000
encouraged employees to actively share knowledge and experience, the platform had a total of 1.82
10000
million visitors and 80,000 visitors, and compiled and shared 427 excellent results, which achieved good 2019 2020 2021
results.
为庆祝中国共产党百年华诞，进一步弘扬传承红色精神，抒发爱国爱党爱企情怀，激励广大员工不忘初心、
牢记使命，全力以赴开启逐梦公司2025倍增发展的新征程，公司工会于2021年4 -11月开展了“献礼百年 奋
勇逐梦” MV视频征集活动，活动期间共征集到28个视频，其中23个视频在“华新之光”微信公众号上发 华新员工性别比例 华新员工学历组成
The gender ratio of Huaxin employees Employee education composition in Huaxin
布。通过视频充分展示公司重大发展成果及员工良好精神风貌，唱响全力逐梦2025倍增发展的主旋律，激励
广大员工争做新时代追梦人。
In order to celebrate the CPC's centenary, further carry forward and inherit the red spirit, express the
22% 15%
feelings of loving the CPC, patriotism and enterprise, encourage the employees stay true to our
1.9%
78% 83.1%
aspiration and founding mission, and go all out to start a new journey of the company's 2025 doubling
development, the company's labor union launched the MV collection activity of "dedicating the centenary
and bravely pursuing a dream" from April to November 2021, during which a total of 28 videos were
collected, 23 of the videos were released on the WeChat official account of Huaxin light. Through the 大专及以下 本科 硕士及以上
College and below Undergraduate Master and above
video, we can fully display the company's major development achievements and the good spiritual
outlook of employees, sing the main melody of striving to pursue their dreams, and encourage
employees to strive to be dreamers in the new era.
60 61
PAGE PAGE
2021企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT STAFF DEVELOPMENT 员工发展
实例 公司组织开展“圆梦之旅”定制化管理培训项目
The company carried out the customized management training
Case Studies
project of "dream journey"
为了让管理团队更深入理解公司一体化战略，明晰自身职责与使命，转变思维模式，更好地带领团队，助力公
公司召开青年研发人才总裁座谈会
司业绩倍增计划，公司于4月29-30日开展了首期“圆梦之旅”培训，来自各区域的43名基地主任、工业园总经
The company held a CEO symposium of young
理、执总、总监等参加了本期培训。本期培训由公司总裁李叶青、公司副总裁袁德足和叶家兴、混凝土业务总
research& development talents
监卢国兵、混凝土业务专家等担任授课老师。
In order to make the management team better understand the company's integration strategy, clarify
2月25日，公司在武汉业务中心召开青年研发人才总裁座谈会，李叶青总裁在座谈中听取公司青年研发人才心声
their responsibilities and missions, change their thinking mode, better lead the team and help the
并给予青年人才发展指导意见。公司领导杨宏兵、胡贞武、罗焘、叶家兴、王加军、汤峻出席座谈。
company's performance doubling plan, the company carried out the first training of "dream journey"
On February 25, the company held a CEO symposium on young R&D talents in Wuhan business center. President
Li Yeqing listened to the voice of young R&D talents of the company and gave guidance on the development of from April 29 to 30, and 43 base directors, general managers, chief executives and directors of
young talents. Company leaders Yang Hongbing, Hu Zhenwu, Luo Tao, Ye Jiaxing, Wang Jiajun and Tang Jun industrial parks from all regions participated in this training. Li Yeqing, President of the company, Yuan
attended the discussion. Dezu and Ye Jiaxing, vice president of the company, Lu guobing, director of concrete business, and
experts of concrete business served as instructors for this training.
座谈会由组织与人力资源部主办，主题为“增强创新力量，引领发展动力”，旨在收集研发骨干员工对公司
2025倍增发展时期以及未来长期推动创新驱动发展、加快技术研发步伐的意见和建议。来自技术研究院、数
创、水泥业务、环境工程及工程与装备的60多名科研类业绩表现突出员工、关键岗位青年员工及2020届储备人
才代表参加活动。
The symposium was hosted by HR department with the theme of "enhancing innovation power and leading
development momentum", which aims to collect the opinions and suggestions of key R&D employees on promoting
innovation driven development and accelerating the pace of technology R&D in the company's 2025 development
period and in the long term in the future. More than 60 outstanding scientific research employees, young
employees in key positions and representatives of 2020 reserved talents from Technology Research Institute,
digital innovation, cement business, environmental engineering and engineering and equipment participated in the
activity.
李叶青总裁在座谈会上讲话 李叶青总裁为青年研发人才代表答疑解惑 公司高管在“圆梦之旅”培训课程上授课
CEO Li Yeqing made a speech at the symposium CEO Li Yeqing answered questions for Senior executives of the company give lectures on the "dream journey" training course
young R&D talent representatives
62 63
PAGE PAGE
2021企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT STAFF DEVELOPMENT 员工发展
公司举办接待管理及公共关系培训班 公司骨料及墙材事业部开展骨料专业技能培训
The company holds reception management and public The aggregate and wall material division of the company
relations training courses carried out aggregate professional skills training
为新形势下不断提升公司公共事务干部员工能力水平， 6月16-18日，骨料及墙材事业部
进一步加强和规范商务接待、危机应对等工作，为公司 组织的首期“骨料专业技能培
倍增计划实施营造良好的内外环境，6月25日，公司行 训”在黄石培训学校开班，此次
政事务在武汉华新大厦举办了为期一天的“接待管理及 培训对象主要为骨料矿山、骨料
公共关系”培训。 生产管理及相关人员。在培训授
In order to continuously improve the ability level of the 课过程中，讲师和学员们通过实
company's public affairs cadres and employees under
例分析、现场问答、经验分享等
the new situation, further strengthen and standardize
方式进行了互动和交流，现场氛
business reception, crisis response and other work, and
围活跃。
create a good internal and external environment for the
From June 16 to 18, the first
implementation of the company's doubling plan, the
phase of "aggregate
company's administrative affairs held a one-day training
刘凤山副总裁作企业公共关系实务辅导
professional skill training"
on "reception management and public relations" in Vice president Liu Fengshan gives practical
Wuhan Huaxin Building on June 25. guidance on corporate public relations 柯友良副总裁在培训现场与学员沟通互动 organized by the aggregate
Vice President Ke Youliang communicated and interacted with the trainees
and wall materials division
opened in Huangshi training
school. The training objects
are mainly aggregate mines,
aggregate production
management and relevant
personnel. In the course of
training and teaching, the
lecturers and students
interacted and exchanged
through case analysis, on-site
Q&A and experience sharing,
and the on-site atmosphere
was active.
参训人员合影
培训现场 Group photo of participants
Training site
64 65
PAGE PAGE
2021企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT STAFF DEVELOPMENT 员工发展
华新工会开展“送清凉”慰问活动 公司工会主席明进华到残福公司调研慰问
The labor union of Huaxin carried out "cooling" consolation Ming Jinhua, chairman of the labor union of the company, went to
activities disabled welfare company for investigation and condolences
7月15日以来，华新工会到先后黄石新材料与智能装备制造科技园、环保工厂、武汉业务中心、共享
sports facilities in the activity room, and stressed
中心、数创中心，技术研究院开展“送清凉”慰问活动，为员工们送去夏日的清爽和关怀。“送清
that disabled employees need to combine work
凉”是公司工会多年来一直坚持开展的关爱员工活动，为鼓舞员工士气、营造良好的工作氛围起到了
and rest; later, he went to the production site for
积极作用。
field inspection, communicated with disabled
Since July 15, the labor union of Huaxin has successively carried out "cooling" consolation activities in
employees and praised their skilled production
Huangshi new material and intelligent equipment manufacturing science and technology Park,
technology.
environmental protection factory, Wuhan business center, sharing center, digital innovation center and
technology research institute to send summer freshness and care to employees. "Cooling" is a caring
activity that the labor union of the company has been carrying out for many years, which has played a 在听取了公司残联理事长、残福公司总经理刘国清的工
positive role in boosting employee morale and creating a good working atmosphere. 作汇报后，明进华首先对残福公司取得的成绩给予了充
分的肯定，并对他们表示慰问和感谢。随后提出应尽量
明进华查看生产现场 安置公司子弟中有就业愿望、有劳动能力的残疾人就
Ming Jinhua inspected the production site
业，尽力改善他们的工作条件和福利待遇，把对残疾人
的关爱工作做好做实。并强调安全生产与产品质量的重
要性，树牢思想，坚定信心，确保残福公司能稳定发
节前，公司党委副书记、工会主席明进华在工会副主席、
展。
残福公司董事长杨小兵的陪同下，到残福公司进行调研，
After listening to the work report of Liu Guoqing,
并看望了残疾员工。
chairman of the disabled federation and general
Before the festival, Ming Jinhua, deputy secretary of
manager of the disabled welfare company, Ming
the Party committee and chairman of the trade union
Jinhua first fully affirmed the achievements of the
of the company, accompanied by Yang Xiaobing,
company, and expressed condolences and
vice chairman of the trade union and chairman of the
thanks to them. Subsequently, he proposed that
“送清凉”慰问活动 disabled welfare company, went to the disabled
"Cooling" consolation activities the disabled with employment desire and ability
welfare company for investigation and visited
among the company's children should be resettled
disabled employees.
as far as possible, their working conditions and
明进华首先前往残福公司员工活动室，对活动室内完善的 welfare benefits should be improved as much as
体育设施给予充分肯定，并强调残疾员工更需要劳逸结 possible, and the care for the disabled should be
合；随后到生产现场进行实地查看，与残疾员工进行了沟 done well. He also emphasized the importance of
通，对他们娴熟的制作工艺表示赞许。 safe production and product quality, established a
Ming Jinhua first went to the staff activity room of firm thought and firm confidence to ensure the
disabled welfare company, fully affirmed the perfect stable development of disabled welfare company.
66 67
PAGE PAGE
2021企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT SERVING THE SOCIETY 服务社会
产品与服务
Products and Services
为用户提供满意的产品和服务
Provide users with satisfactory products and services
公司严格按照国家质量管理规程及相关法律法规的要求，建立了一整套完善的质量管理体系，包
括进厂原燃材料质量的管理、生产过程质量管控、出厂产品质量控制管理、售后服务资料管理、
化验室标准化管理等。严格按照质量管理体系文件的要求，从原燃材料进厂到水泥出厂，由生产
基地质量部24小时对每个生产环节实施质量管控，工厂均通过了ISO9000质量体系认证和化验
07
服务社会
室认证。2021年公司有40家分子公司在“砼灿杯”全国第十八次水泥品质指标检验大对比中均
获得优良或以上的成果。通过精细化质量管理，公司产品质量较好地满足了客户需要，所有产品
Serving the Society 均按产品质量认证要求通过国家权威机构认证，2021年本公司未发生重大质量事故。
In strict accordance with the requirements of national quality management regulations and relevant
laws and regulations, the company has established a complete set of perfect quality management
system, including the quality management of incoming raw and fuel materials, the quality control of
production process, the quality control management of ex-factory products, the management of
after-sales service data, the standardization management of chemical laboratory, etc. In strict
accordance with the requirements of the quality management system documents, the quality
department of the production base implements quality control for each production link 24 hours from
the entry of raw and fuel materials to the delivery of cement, the factories have passed ISO9000
quality system certification and laboratory certification. In 2021, 40 subsidiaries of the company
公司在各项工作取得新突破，实现了高质量、高速度、高效益发展的同时，不忘回报社会，一 achieved excellent or above results in the 18th National cement quality index inspection comparison
of "Tongcan Cup". Through refined quality management, the company's products met the needs of
方面为用户提供满意的产品和服务，聚焦客户需求和体验，一方面积极践行企业社会责任，实
customers well, all products have passed the certification of national authorities according to the
现企业的社会价值。 requirements of product quality certification, there was no major quality accident in 2021.
While making new breakthroughs in various work and realizing high-quality, high-speed
公司制订了一系列质量管理制度，包括质量管理规程实施细则、原材料合规性管理规定、市场产
and high-efficiency development, the company does not forget to repay the society, on
品抽检管理制度、质量事故管理制度等。公司还建立了质量KPI考核制度，对工厂质量KPI进行严
the one hand, it provides users with satisfactory products and services, focuses on
密管控。
customer needs and experience, and on the other hand, it actively practices corporate The company has formulated a series of quality management assessment system, including the
implementation rules of quality management regulations, raw material compliance management
social responsibility and realizes the social value of the enterprise.
regulations, market product sampling management system, quality accident management system,
etc. The company has also established quality KPI assessment system to strictly control the plant's
quality KPIs.
68 69
PAGE PAGE
2021企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT SERVING THE SOCIETY 服务社会
公司建立了强大的信息化管理系统服务于质量管理，将互联网+技术较好地应用到了水泥生产的 通过营销创新平台挖掘创新潜力，将营销创新能力转化为提升客户
全过程质量管理，生产及质量人员可以迅速而准确地获取质量信息，精准实施质量控制管理。公 服务水平和提升公司品牌价值的核心动力
司大力推广使用PGNNA在线分析仪等高新技术用于生产质量控制，利于提高产品稳定性。 Tap the innovation potential through the marketing innovation platform,
2021年产品质检信息全面上线，方便客户随时随地查看产品质检信息，提高客户满意度。 transform the marketing innovation ability into the core driving force to
The company has established a powerful information management system to serve quality improve the customer service level and enhance the company's brand
management, and has applied Internet plus technology to the whole process of cement production value
quality management, production and quality personnel can obtain quality information quickly and
accurately, and implement quality control management accurately. The company vigorously 公司持续发扬营销创新传统，结合公司组织架构变化，有序组织实施53个营销创新项目，鼓励商业模式原创创新和
promotes the use of new high technologies such as PGNNA online analyzer for production quality
应用推广，持续打造营销核心竞争力。公司总部组织做好一体化项目的实施、总结和推广，帮助客户进行业务拓宽和
control, which is conducive to improving product stability. In 2021, the product quality inspection
升级，获取更多收益。海外乌兹别克斯坦吉扎克工厂营销团队积极践行“一带一路”理念，通过实施核心门店满意度
information has been fully launched to facilitate customers to view the product quality inspection
提升项目，将国内较成熟的客户服务体系成功复制到海外，一方面积极改善工厂发运流程，为客户提供更加便捷、高
information anytime and anywhere and improve customer satisfaction.
效的提货服务，一方面帮助客户做好经营场所规范化标准化建设和门店形象提升，帮助经销商建立下游客服标准化服
务体系，提高终端客户购买和使用体验，并通过对客户进行亲情维稳、年度表彰等，提升客户凝聚力和幸福感。
本公司产品被广泛应用于多个国家重点工程，如沿江高铁、渝黔高铁、张南高速、渝湘高速、西
The company continued to carry forward the tradition of marketing innovation, combined with the changes
十高铁等；为支持“一带一路”倡议，华新水泥完成了“中老铁路”的全面供货，在该工程建设
of the company's organizational structure, orderly organized and implemented 53 marketing innovation
中保质、保量、服务周到，被建设单位评为优秀供货厂家。
projects, encouraged the original innovation and application promotion of business model, and continued to
Our products were widely used in many national key projects, such as Shanghai-Chongqing-
Chengdu High-speed Railway, Chongqing-Qianjiang High-speed Railway, Zhangjiajie-Nanchong build the core competitiveness of marketing. The headquarters of the company organized the
Expressway, Chongqing-Changsha Expressway, Xi'an-Shiyan High-speed Railway, etc; in order to implementation, summary and promotion of integration projects to help customers expand and upgrade
support the "Belt and Road" initiative, Huaxin Cement has completed the comprehensive supply of " their business and obtain more benefits. The marketing team of the overseas Uzbek Jizak factory actively
China-Laos Railway", in the construction of the project, Huaxin Cement has been rated as an
practiced the concept of "Belt and Road", successfully copied the mature customer service system in China
excellent supplier by the construction unit with good quality, quantity and service.
to overseas by implementing the satisfaction improvement project of core stores, On the one hand, it
actively improved the factory shipping process to provide customers with more convenient and efficient
delivery service, on the other hand, it helped customers to do a good job in the standardized construction of
business sites and the improvement of store image, helped dealers to establish a standardized service
system for downstream customer service, so as to improve the purchase and use experience of end
customers, and enhanced customer cohesion and happiness through family maintenance and annual
commendation for customers.
公司积极拓展数字化领域，率先在行业内建成数字化管控中心，营销数字化水平居于行业领先地位。通过实施客户订
单及提货单电子化、客户付款线上化、客户合同电子化、客户对账电子化等措施，极大简化了客户操作流程，提高了
客户与公司业务对接效率，同时增加了客户自助功能，提升了客户体验。2021年，客户提货单电子化率达100%，
客户订单电子化率达98%，客户满意度持续提升。
The company actively expanded the digital field, took the lead in building a digital control center in the
“中老铁路”优秀供货厂家 白鹤滩水电站优秀供应商 industry, and the digital level of marketing is in the leading position in the industry. Through the
Excellent supplier of China- Excellent supplier of Baihetan
Laos Railway Hydropower Station implementation of electronic customer orders and bills of lading, online customer payment, electronic
customer contracts, electronic customer reconciliation and other measures, it greatly simplified the
customer operation process, improved the efficiency of business connection between customers and the
company, increased the customer self-service function and improves the customer experience. In 2021,
70 71
PAGE PAGE
2021企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT SERVING THE SOCIETY 服务社会
the electronic rate of customer bills of lading reached 100%, the electronic rate of customer orders 2021年公司各单位志愿者活动参与人次合计23044人次，开展各类活动1986项次，总活动时间120212小时，
reached 98%, and customer satisfaction continued to improve. 各类爱心服务活动支出(包括单位、个人捐赠等)折合人民币1802.67万元。
In 2021, the total number of participants in volunteer activities of all units of the company was 23,044, and 1,986
在做好水泥、混凝土等主要产品销售及客户价值创造工作的同时，公司还注重骨料、机制砖、加气块、石灰、 various activities were carried out, with a total activity time of 120,212 hours, the expenditure of various caring
service activities (including unit and individual donations) was equivalent to 18.0267 million yuan.
陶粒、砂浆等其他非水泥产品营销模式探索和业务管理建设工作，通过差异化、多产品组合营销模式实践，积
累市场经验，提升内部管理水平和客户服务质量，以华新与客户共赢的开放理念，积极向公司五年倍增计划目
标迈进。
While doing a good job in the sales of major products such as cement and concrete and customer
value creation, the company also paid attention to the exploration of marketing modes and business
management construction of other non-cement products such as aggregates, machine-made bricks,
2021年社会公益活动捐赠情况
aerated blocks, lime, ceramsite and mortar, and accumulated market experience through the practice
of differentiated and multi product combination marketing modes, improve the internal management Donations at Social Welfare Activities in 2021
level and customer service quality, and actively move forward to the goal of the company's five-year
doubling plan with the open concept of win-win between Huaxin and customers.
单位：万元
Unit: 10 thousand RMB
社会公益
捐款金额人民币 捐款金额人民币
Social welfare 类别 类别
Cash Donation Cash Donation
type type
(RMB) (RMB)
志愿者活动
Volunteer activities
社区公益 美丽乡村建设
2021年是我国站在全面建成小康社会新起点，开启建设社会主义现代化强国新征程的第一年。为实现中华民族 Community public 231.77 Beautiful Countryside 759.18
welfare construction
伟大复兴，激励广大员工唱响坚持和发展中国特色社会主义新时代主旋律，提升公司新时期社会责任履行新高
度，续写公司可持续发展新担当，2021年公司开展了“新起点·新征程·新担当”为主题的志愿者活动。活动
内容包括：联动服务、关爱行动、便民服务、节日专题、公益宣传、知识传递等专题活动，实施包括抗击疫
捐资助学 组织个人捐赠
情、抢险救灾、帮困救残、爱心捐助、知识传递、教育辅导、技能传授、环境治理、节日访谈、文化建设等内 Make donations 84.99 Organize individual 161.71
容的志愿服务。 for schools donations
2021 is the first year for China to stand at a new starting point of building a moderately prosperous society in all
respects and embark on a new journey to build a strong socialist country. In order to achieve the great
rejuvenation of the Chinese nation, encourage employees to sing the theme of adhering to and developing
socialism with Chinese characteristics in a new era, improve the performance of the company's social 扶贫帮困 330.6 防疫赈灾 234.42
Help and support Epidemic prevention
responsibility in the new era, and continue to write the company's new responsibility for sustainable development, the poor and disaster relief
the company launched a volunteer activity with the theme of "new starting point, new journey and new
responsibility" in 2021. The activities included: linkage service, caring action, convenience service, festival special
topics, public welfare publicity, knowledge transfer and other special activities, and implement voluntary services 合计
Total 1802.67
including fighting the epidemic, rescue and disaster relief, helping the poor and the disabled, love donation,
knowledge transfer, education and counseling, skill teaching, environmental governance, festival interview, cultural
construction and so on.
72 73
PAGE PAGE
2021企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT SERVING THE SOCIETY 服务社会
实例 personnel to follow the car. After 14 hours of starry night, we arrived in Zhengzhou at 8:10 on the 23rd.
The transportation personnel, neglecting to eat, immediately contacted the Henan Charity Federation
Case Studies
and unloaded the bags to the designated position with the volunteers of the local flood control
headquarters at 10:48. Cui Jiansong, director of Municipal Administration of Huiji District Urban
Administration Bureau of Zhengzhou, said emotionally: "thank Huaxin for your kindness and your deep
千里星夜驰援，华新20万只包装袋抵达郑州 friendship!"
Thousands of miles and starry nights rushed to the rescue,
华新捐赠的包装袋是2020年新建投产的年产十亿只热封袋生产线的产品，结实耐用，不仅可用于灌
Huaxin 200,000 packaging bags arrived in Zhengzhou
装水泥，也可广泛用于砂石等包装。
The bags donated by Huaxin are the products of the new production line of heat-sealed bags with an
华新人星夜赶路，跨越千里驰援河南。7月23日上午10点48分，华新水泥捐赠的20万只包装袋，送
annual output of 1 billion, which was put into operation in 2020, they are strong and durable, and can be
达郑州市惠济区红十字会，将用于该市抗洪防汛。
used not only for filling cement, but also for packaging sand.
Huaxin people travelled overnight and crossed thousands of miles to rush to Henan.. At 10:48a.m. on
July 23, 200,000 packaging bags donated by Huaxin Cement were delivered to the Red Cross Society
of Huiji District, Zhengzhou City for flood fighting and prevention.
河南多地近日出现罕见持续强降水，郑州全市普降大暴雨、特大暴雨，郑州市多处工程出现险情，市
区出现严重内涝。防汛物资告急，尤其是编织袋紧缺已成燃眉之急。
Several places in Henan province have seen rare and sustained heavy rainfall recently, there has been
a general rainstorm and torrential rain in Zhengzhou, many projects in Zhengzhou have been in danger,
满载包装袋的捐赠车辆
and serious waterlogging has occurred in the urban area. Flood control supplies are in short supply, 从黄石出发赶赴郑州
The donated vehicles
especially woven bags have become urgent.
loaded with bags set
out from Huangshi to
Zhengzhou
河南灾情牵动人心。7月21日深夜，华新总裁李叶青指示华新信阳公司和包装公司沟通捐赠细节，紧
急调拨水泥包装袋，北上支援郑州防汛。
The disaster in Henan has affected people's hearts. Late at night on July 21, Li Yeqing, President of
Huaxin, instructed Xinyang company and the Packaging company to communicate the donation details,
urgently allocate cement packaging bags and go north to support flood control in Zhengzhou.
位于湖北黄石的华新包装公司连夜组织精选优质包装袋，紧急增派人员打包，另一方面调派运货车
辆，加派人手装货上车。为了尽快发货帮助灾区，大家手不停歇，层层包扎，迅速装好20万只编织
袋，7月22日18点8分出发赶赴郑州。为确保物资安全送达，包装公司和信阳公司专人跟车。经过
14个小时的星夜奔赴，23日8点10分抵达郑州地界。运输人员顾不上吃饭，立即联系河南慈善总
会，于10点48分跟当地防汛指挥部志愿者们一起把包装袋卸到指定位置。郑州市惠济区城市管理局
市政管理主任崔建松动情地说：“感谢华新的心意，感谢你们的深情厚谊！”
将包装袋运往指定地点
Huaxin Packaging Company, located in Huangshi, Hubei Province, organized the selection of high- 卸货
quality packaging bags overnight and urgently dispatched more personnel to pack, on the other hand, it Transported the
packing bags to the
dispatched freight vehicles and sent more people to load the goods on the train. In order to deliver the designated place for
unloading
goods as soon as possible to help the disaster areas, we kept our hands on, wrapped them up layer by
layer, quickly packed 200,000 woven bags, and left for Zhengzhou at 18:08 on July 22. In order to
ensure the safe delivery of materials, the packaging company and Xinyang company assign special
74 75
PAGE PAGE
2021企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT SERVING THE SOCIETY 服务社会
道县公司捐赠900吨水泥助力道县红色景区建设 政企联动传承红色基因 赤壁公司捐赠一批党史书籍
Daoxian company donated 900 tons of cement to help Government enterprise linkage inheritance of red gene,
the construction of Daoxian red scenic spot Chibi company donated a batch of party history books
为支持道县寿雁镇豪福村创建湘江战役豪福指挥
4月26日上午，中伙铺镇中学操场上举行了简短的图书捐赠仪式，华新赤壁公司的志愿者给该校师生送
部3A景区建设工作，助力道县发展红色旅游，构
来了300本党史书籍，助力学校更好地开展党史学习教育，让书香伴孩子成长，让爱心接力棒棒相
建良好的工农周边关系，4月23日，道县公司向
传，让红色基因代代传承。
豪福村捐赠水泥900吨，总价值35万元。
On the morning of April 26, a brief book donation ceremony was held on the playground of Zhonghuopu
In order to support Haofu village, Shouyan Town,
town middle school, volunteers from Huaxin Chibi company sent 300 party history books to teachers and
Daoxian County in the construction of 3A scenic
students of the school to help the school better carry out party history learning and education, let the
spot of Xiangjiang campaign Haofu headquarters,
fragrance of books accompany children's growth, let the love baton pass on from generation to generation,
help Daoxian county develop red tourism and build
and let the red gene pass on from generation to generation.
a good relationship between workers and farmers,
Daoxian company donated 900 tons of cement to
在中伙铺镇党史学习教育政企沟通过程中，华新党员志愿者了解到，中伙铺镇中学师生对党史学习很有
Haofu village on April 23, with a total value of
热情，但是缺乏一些适应中小学生阅读的优秀党史读物。该公司党委对此非常重视，将其作为“我为群
捐赠仪式 350，000 yuan.
Donation ceremony 众办实事”活动一项重要内容，表示愿意助力校园更好开展党史学习教育。镇党委、政府工作人员主动
据悉，道县红色资源厚重、革命历史详实，是湖 在企业和学校间搭建了沟通桥梁，确定由华新出资购买一批党史书籍，捐赠给学校。志愿者们经过数天
南省文化重点县，也是永州市唯一入选国家“重走长征路”红色旅游精品线路的县区，此刻，豪福村正处于创建战 的仔细遴选，优中选优，终于选中并订购了30多类共300本契合中小学生各年龄层认知特点的优秀党史
役红色旅游建设的关键时刻。在得知豪福村硬化乡村道路还差900吨水泥，道县公司管理团队决定予以支援。 书籍。
It is reported that Daoxian County has rich red resources and detailed revolutionary history, it is a key cultural county in In the process of communicating about learning and educating party history between government and
Hunan Province and the only county in Yongzhou City selected for the national "new Long March" red tourism boutique enterprises in Zhonghuopu town, Huaxin volunteers learned that teachers and students of Zhonghuopu
line, at that moment, Haofu village was at a critical moment in the construction of red tourism. After learning that the town middle school are very enthusiastic about party history learning, but they lack some excellent party
hardened rural roads in Haofu village still need 900 tons of cement, the management team of Daoxian company history books suitable for primary and secondary school students. The Party committee of the company
decided to give support. attached great importance to this, took it as an important part of the "I do practical work for the masses"
activity, and expressed its willingness to help the campus better carry out the study and education of party
捐赠仪式上，华新道县生产副总将捐赠牌送至豪福村村支书手中，并表示，华新水泥衷心希望打造“以企带村、以 history. The staff of the town Party committee and government took the initiative to build a communication
bridge between the enterprise and the school, and decided to purchase a batch of party history books
村促企、村企互动”的新机制，形成村企“组织共建、资源共享、经济共荣、发展共进”的发展合力。
funded by Huaxin and donate them to the school. After several days of careful selection, the volunteers
At the donation ceremony, the deputy general manager of production of Huaxin Dao County sent the donation card to
finally selected and ordered more than 30 categories of 300 excellent party history books that fit the
the village Party Secretary of Haofu village, and said that Huaxin Cement sincerely hopes to create a new mechanism
cognitive characteristics of primary and secondary school students at all ages.
of "leading the village with enterprises, promoting enterprises with villages and interaction between villages and
enterprises", so as to form a joint development force of "co construction organization, resource sharing, economic co
“党的历史是最生动、最有说服力的教科书。”捐赠仪式上，华新赤壁工业园党委副书记表示，希望通
prosperity and development together".
过这批书籍，对青少年进行党史、国史教育，引导青少年从小学党史、知党情、感党恩、听党话、跟党
华新道县公司在发展的同时，牢记回馈社会、投身公益的责任，一直积极致力于各项公益事业中，参与各类助学、 走，扎实学好本领，做新时代合格的接班人。
救灾、济困等公益活动。截止目前，累计捐款捐物达数百万元。 "The history of the Party is the most vivid and persuasive textbook." At the donation ceremony, the Deputy
While developing, Huaxin Daoxian company keeps in mind the responsibility of giving back to the society and Secretary of the Party committee of Huaxin Chibi Industrial Park expressed the hope that through these
participating in public welfare, it has been actively committed to various public welfare undertakings and participated in books, the party history and national history education will be carried out for young people, so as to guide
various public welfare activities such as student aid, disaster relief and poverty relief. So far, millions of yuan have been them to learn well from the party history of primary school, know the party's situation, feel the party's
donated. kindness, listen to the party's words and follow the party, so as to be a qualified successor in the new era.
76 77
PAGE PAGE
2021企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT SERVING THE SOCIETY 服务社会
“这次捐赠是华新开展党史学习教育、履行企业社 "2021 Hubei Hope Project subsidizing students with financial difficulties to realize their dreams" is jointly
会责任的生动实践，带来的不仅仅是书籍，更是红 carried out by the Hubei provincial Party Committee of the Communist Youth League, the Provincial Hope
Project Office and the Provincial Youth Foundation, the main objects of funding are students from families
色传承的接力棒、爱心的接力棒。”中伙铺镇副镇
with financial difficulties in Hubei Province who were admitted to full-time ordinary colleges and universities
长王建说。
in 2021. The company recently donated 100,000 yuan to help poor students in Huangshi realize their
"This donation is a vivid practice of Huaxin in
college dream.
carrying out the study and education of party
history and fulfilling corporate social
徐可代表共青团黄石市委感谢华新捐资助学。他肯定了华新用实际行动彰显了百年企业的大局意识、
responsibility. It brings not only books, but also
担当精神、家国情怀，为黄石企业树立了榜样。明进华在仪式上表示，华新根在黄石、心系黄石，华
the baton of red inheritance and love." Wang
新在促进黄石经济发展的同时，始终积极履行社会责任，为地方发展贡献力量。
捐赠现场
Jian, deputy mayor of Zhonghuopu Town, said. Donation site On behalf of the Huangshi Municipal Committee of the Communist Youth League, Xu Ke thanked Huaxin
for donating money to study. He affirmed that Huaxin has demonstrated the overall situation
consciousness, responsibility spirit and national feelings of the century old enterprise with practical
actions, and set an example for Huangshi enterprise. Ming Jinhua said at the ceremony that Huaxin roots
in Huangshi and cares about Huangshi, while promoting the economic development of Huangshi, Huaxin
has always actively fulfilled its social responsibilities and contributed to local development.
华新资助困难大学生圆梦获上级团组织肯定
Huaxin funded college students with difficulties to realize their
dreams and was affirmed by the superior league organization
重阳敬老 情暖深秋——秭归公司看望慰问孤寡老人
On the Double Ninth Festival, Zigui company visited the
2021年，华新积极参与“湖北希望工程资助困难大学生圆
widowed and orphaned elderly
梦行动”，帮助黄石市贫困学子上大学受到上级团组织的肯
定。9月9日，共青团黄石市委书记徐可专程到公司颁发了致
谢牌，公司党委副书记明进华出席了授牌仪式。 10月12日，华新湖北秭归公司志愿者一行
In 2021, Huaxin actively participated in the "Hubei Hope 10余人走进大山深处，开展“九九重阳节
Project to subsidize poor college students torealize their
情暖老人心”主题活动，为老人们送上祝
dreams" and helped poor students in Huangshi City go to
福和关爱，提前陪他们度过了一个温馨而
college, which was affirmed by the superior league
又祥和的重阳佳节。
organization. On September 9, Xu Ke, secretary of Huangshi
On October 12, more than 10 volunteers
Municipal Party Committee of the Communist Youth League,
from Huaxin Zigui company went into the
made a special trip to the company to issue a thank-you card.
depths of the mountains to carry out the
Ming Jinhua, deputy secretary of the Party Committee of the
theme activity of "warming the hearts of the
致谢牌
company, attended the awarding ceremony.
Thank you card elderly on the Double Ninth Festival", send
blessings and love to the elderly, and
“2021年湖北希望工程资助困难大学生圆梦行动”由共青
accompany them to spend a warm and
团湖北省委、省希望工程办、省青基会联合开展，主要资助 重阳节敬老活动
peaceful Double Ninth Festival in advance.
Double Ninth Festival respect for the elderly
对象为2021年考取全日制普通高等院校本科的湖北省家庭
经济困难学生。公司日前捐赠10万元帮助黄石市贫困学子圆
当天中午，志愿者们带着慰问物资，驱车
了大学梦。
两小时来到一个偏远山村的养老院内，将
78 79
PAGE PAGE
2021企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT SERVING THE SOCIETY 服务社会
棉衣棉被一一送到老人们的手中，并同老人们亲切交谈，细心嘱咐他们天气逐渐转凉，要注意保 当天上午10时，在华坪县人民法院、人民检察院、公安局一行的押运下，满载
暖。活动中，志愿者们还主动为老人们捶背按摩、整理房间。 一车约30余吨大麻籽的货车驶达丽江公司。销毁现场，从大麻籽下车到运输、
At noon of the same day, the volunteers drove for two hours to a nursing home in a remote mountain 焚烧等各环节，丽江公司均安排专人负责，确保活动绝对安全。随着现场被拉
village with consolation materials, sent cotton clothes and quilts to the elderly one by one, had a
上警戒线，各项工作有序开展。经轮班作业，截至29日凌晨1点，30余吨大麻
cordial conversation with them, and told them that the weather gradually turned cool and they should
籽被全部销毁完毕。整个销毁过程持续约15个小时，华坪县人民法院、人民检
pay attention to keeping warm. During the activity, volunteers also took the initiative to beat their
察院、公安局进行了全程监督。
backs, massage and tidy up the room for the elderly.
At 10 a.m. that day, under the escort of Huaping County People's court, people's
Procuratorate and Public Security Bureau, a truck loaded with about 30 tons of
一声温馨的话语，一个质朴的笑容，一次看似平常的探望，都能使大山深处的孤寡老人感受到社
marijuana seeds arrived at Lijiang company. Lijiang company has assigned
会的温暖。
special personnel to take charge of the destruction site, from getting off the
A warm word, a simple smile, a seemingly ordinary visit, can make the lonely old people in the depths
marijuana seeds to transportation and incineration, so as to ensure the absolute
of the mountains feel the warmth of society.
safety of the activities. As the scene was cordoned off, all work was carried out in
an orderly manner. After shift operation, as of 1 a.m. on the 29th, more than 30
tons of marijuana seeds had been completely destroyed. The whole destruction
process lasted about 15 hours, and the people's court, people's Procuratorate
and Public Security Bureau of Huaping County supervised the whole process.
丽江公司协助地方无害化销毁易制毒物品30余吨
Lijiang company assisted the local government in the harmless 丽江公司凭借自身安标企业特色，利用水泥窑协同处置技术，协助地方政府无
destruction of more than 30 tons of precursor substances 害化销毁制毒物品，以实际行动践行企业社会责任担当。
Relying on its own safety standard enterprise characteristics, Lijiang company
uses the technology of co-processing wastes in cement kilns to assist the local
government in the harmless destruction of drug products, and practice the
10月28日，华新丽江公司协助华坪县
responsibility of corporate social responsibility with practical actions.
人民法院销毁易制毒物品大麻籽30余
吨，积极承担社会责任，为华坪县禁 近年来，华新水泥多家分子公司利用水泥窑协同技术助力多地政府无害化、资
毒工作的开展发挥积极作用。 源化处理生活垃圾、固体废弃物等，获得社会各界的普遍认可。
On October 28, Huaxin Lijiang In recent years, many subsidiary companies of Huaxin Cement have used the
company assisted the people's Court of technology of co-processing wastes in cement kilns to help governments in
Huaping County in destroying more many places deal with domestic waste and solid waste in a harmless and
than 30 tons of marijuana seeds, a resource-based manner, which has been widely recognized by all sectors of
precursor of drugs, actively assumed society.
social responsibility and played a
positive role in the development of drug
control in Huaping County.
押运大麻籽的车辆抵达丽江公司
The vehicle escorting marijuana seeds arrived at Lijiang company
80 81
PAGE PAGE
2021企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT SERVING THE SOCIETY 服务社会
公司骨料及墙材事业部党员慰问帮扶村 公司工会学史力行助推乡村振兴
Party members of Huaxin aggregate and wall material The company's labor union helped boost
division visited the Counterpart Assistance Village rural revitalization
12月3日，公司工会副主席杨小兵与黄石市总工会党组成员、副主席左高峰一行来到黄石市阳新
12月23日上午，公司党委常委、副总裁柯友良率骨料及墙材事业部党员到华新驻点帮扶村茗山 县王英镇倪家村，向该村捐赠水泥150吨，帮助改善农村公共基础设施建设。
乡彭晚村，与村党支部联合开展“学习贯彻党代会、实干担当谱新篇”主题党日活动。并且慰 On December 3rd, Yang Xiaobing, vice chairman of the company's trade union, together with Zuo
Gaofeng, member of the Party group and vice chairman of Huangshi Federation of Trade Unions,
问了村里困难党员，还帮助农户购销了农产品、参加了村里开展的志愿者活动。
visited Nijia Village, Wangying Town, Yangxin County, Huangshi city and donated 150 tons of
On the morning of December 23, Ke Youliang, the standing Member of the Party Committee and
cement to the village to help improve the construction of rural public infrastructure.
vice President of the Company, led party members of the aggregate and wall materials business
department to pengwan village, Mingshan Township, and jointly carried out the theme party day
倪家村村民委员会向华新专门发来感谢信，信中写道，巩固拓展脱贫攻坚成果同乡村振兴有效
activity of "learn and implement the Party Congress, work and take on the new chapter " with the
衔接是该村目前的主要工作重点，对华新为该村乡村振兴实施中的雪中送炭表示衷心感谢。
village Party branch. He also expressed sympathy to the party members in difficulty in the village,
The villagers' committee of Nijia village sent a special letter of thanks to Huaxin, which wrote that
helped farmers buy and
consolidating and expanding the achievements of poverty alleviation and effectively connecting
with rural revitalization is the main focus of the village at present, and expressed heartfelt thanks to
Huaxin for providing timely help in the implementation of rural revitalization of the village.
慰问困难党员 助农购销农产品
Expressed sympathy to Party members in difficulty Helped farmers purchase and sell agricultural products
水泥捐赠
Cement donation
82 83
PAGE PAGE
