2 0 1 8
企业社会责任报告
欢迎垂询，或将您的意见发至： Welcome enquiries of contact us through the following:
地址：湖北省武汉市东湖新技术开发区高新大道426号华 Add: Huaxin Building,No.426 Gaoxin Avenue,East Lake
新大厦 New Technology Development District,Wuhan
邮编：430073 City,Hubei Province；
联系人：苏静 Zip code: 430073
联系电话：15271815016 Contact: SuJing
华新水泥股份有限公司
邮箱：sujing@huaxincem.com Phone: 15271815016
网址：http://www.huaxincem.com E-mail: sujing@huaxincem.com
Web: http://www.huaxincem.com
目录
CONTENTS
总裁致辞
Forward by the CEO
报告说明
Notes
公司概况
Company Profile
本报告依据《全球报告倡议组织（GRI）可持续发展
报告指南》以及国务院国资委《关于中央企业履行社
公司治理
会责任的指导意见》编制而成，报告披露数据以
Corporate Governance
2018年度为主，适度向前延伸，以补充2017年报告
中未曾披露的有关信息。
我们将定期发布公司社会责任报告，接受社会监督，
搭建与您沟通的平台。 环保履责
Social responsibilities
performance in
This report is compiled based on “Global Reporting
environmental protection
Initiative (GRI) Reporting Guidelines for Sustainable
Development” and the State “Guidance on Central
Corporate Fulfilling Social Responsibility”. Data
disclosed mainly refer to 2018, with a brief supplement 安全履责
to the information disclosed in 2017. Social responsibilities
performance in safety
We will regularly issue corporate social responsibility
reports, to provide a platform for communication and
for external supervision.
员工发展
Staff Development
服务社会
Serving the Society
2018企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 总裁致辞 FORWARD BY THE CEO
the national ecological protection concept of " Lucid employees, enhance the company's performance-
waters and lush mountains are invaluable assets ". oriented salary incentive, follow the law of talent growth,
through diversified, differentiated training and rich and
“发展一处，造福一方”，从国内到海外，华新不仅推动地 colorful cultural activities, to promote personnel training
方经济建设和发展，还倡导和支持员工投身形式多样的志愿 and development, and continue to enhance the core
01
者服务以及开展精准扶贫活动，履行社会责任，促进社会可 competitiveness of the company.
持续发展。
From home to abroad, Huaxin not only promotes local 我们始终坚持“客户至上”的经营理念，建立完善的产品质
总裁致辞 economic construction and development, but also 量管理体系，为用户提供满意的产品和服务，拓展新材料业
advocates and supports employees to engage in 务，不断满足客户需求，竭力为客户创造价值。
Forward by the CEO various forms of volunteer services and carries out We always adhere to the "customer first" business
precise poverty alleviation activities, fulfilling social philosophy, establish a perfect product quality
responsibility and promoting social sustainable management system, provide users with satisfactory
development. products and services, expand new materials business,
constantly meet customer needs, and strive to create
总裁 李叶青 CEO Li Yeqing 我们崇尚“安全第一”的生产文化，高度重视员工的职业健 value for customers.
康与安全，持续推进安全培训，强化安全管控，不断提高员
工的安全保护意识，确保公司整体安全管理水平有效提升。 “百舸争流，破浪者领航，千帆竞发，奋勇者当先！”在充
100多年前，华新人扛起民族工业振兴重任，开创百年品 企业不仅是社会财富的创造者，也是社会责任的承担 We advocate the "safety first" production culture, 满挑战与机遇的2019年，我们定当牢记使命，勇于创新，团
牌，100多年后，华新人肩负起传统行业转型使命，引领新 者。华新不仅着力打造环保产业，还将绿色生产贯穿于 attach great importance to the occupational health and 结奋进，不断奉献，践行企业社会责任，为国家和社会发展
时代高质量发展。2018年，我们认真学习贯彻党的十九大精 始终，不断优化污染防治水平，实现大幅度节能减排以 safety of employees, continue to promote safety 贡献“华新力量”！
神和中央经济工作会议精神，创造出公司历史最好业绩。 及资源最大化利用，以产业推进落实国家“绿水青山就 training, strengthen safety management and control, "Hundreds of rivalries, wave-breakers, sailors, brave
More than 100 years ago, Huaxin people shouldered 是金山银山”的生态保护理念。 constantly improve the safety awareness of people first!" In 2019, full of challenges and
the important task of revitalizing the national industry Enterprises are not only the creators of social employees, and ensure that the overall level of safety opportunities, we must bear in mind our mission, be
and created a century-old brand. More than 100 years wealth, but also the bearers of social responsibility. management of the company is effectively improved. brave in innovation, unite and forge ahead, constantly
later, Huaxin people shouldered the mission of Huaxin not only strives to build an environmental contribute, practice corporate social responsibility, and
transformation of traditional industries and led the high- protection industry, but also runs green production 我们秉承“以人为本”，提高员工薪酬标准和福利待遇，增 contribute to the development of the country and
quality development of the new era. In 2018, we throughout the whole process, constantly 强公司以业绩为导向的薪酬激励性，遵循人才成长规律，通 society "Huaxin Force"!
earnestly studied and implemented the spirit of the optimizes the level of pollution prevention and 过开展多样化、差异化培训和丰富多彩的文体活动等，促进
Nineteenth National Congress of the Party and the control, realizes large-scale energy conservation 人才培养与发展，持续提升公司核心竞争力。
spirit of the Central Economic Work Conference to and emission reduction, and maximizes the use of We uphold the principle of "people-oriented", improve
create the best performance in the company's history. resources, so as to promote the implementation of the salary standard and welfare treatment of
04 / 05
2018企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 公司概况 COMPANY PROFILE
02
公司概况
Company Profile
of cement industry and new business such as environmental 71.31亿元，同比增长153.59％；归属于母公司股东的净利
protection, aggregate and new building materials. By the end 润51.81亿元，同比增长149.39%，上交税收38.98亿元，
华新水泥股份有限公司始创于1907年，被誉为“中国水 全生产为基础，以“三个聚焦”为抓手，以创新高质量发展为 of 2018, the company has nearly 200 molecular companies in
为股东创造了价值，为社会作出了贡献。
泥工业的摇篮”。1994年，公司A、B股在上海证券交易 方向，着力实施“四大战略”，加快推进水泥主业及环保、骨 nine provinces and cities such as Hubei, Hunan, Yunnan,
In 2018, the company sold 70.72 million tons of cement and
所上市。1999年，与全球最大的水泥制造商之一的瑞士 料、新型建材等新业务发展。截至2018年底，公司在湖北、 Sichuan, Guizhou, Guangdong, Henan, Chongqing, Tibet, and clinker, an increase of 2.91% compared with the same period
overseas Tajikistan and Cambodia. It has nearly 100 million
Holcim集团结为战略伙伴关系。2015年，拉豪中国—华 湖南、云南、四川、贵州、广东、河南、重庆、西藏等9省市 last year; 14.51 million tons of aggregate, an increase of
tons per year of cement production capacity, 50,000 tons per
新水泥实施全面整合。 及海外塔吉克斯坦、柬埔寨两国拥有近200家分子公司，具备 25.87% compared with the same period last year; the amount
year of cement equipment manufacturing, 23.3 million cubic
Founded in 1907, Huaxin Cement Co,. Ltd is regarded as 水泥产能近1亿吨/年、水泥设备制造5万吨/年、商品混凝土 of waste disposed in kilns reached 2.144 million tons, an
meters per year of commercial concrete, 25 million tons per
"the cradle of China's cement industry". The Company increase of 17.25% compared with the same period last year.
2330万立方/年、骨料2500万吨/年、砂浆生产能力5万吨/
year of aggregate, 50,000 tons per year of mortar production
listed its A-shares and B-shares in Shanghai Stock Operating income reached 27.466 billion yuan, an increase of
年、水泥包装袋5亿只/年及废弃物处置550万吨/年的总体产
capacity and water. The total production capacity of 500
Exchange in 1994，and in 1999, established a strategic 31.48% over the same period last year, and total profits
能。 million mud bags per year and 5.5 million tons per year of
partnership with Holcim headquartered in Switzerland, one reached 7.131billion yuan, an increase of 153.59% over the
In recent years, under the leadership of the senior management waste disposal.
of the largest cement manufacturers in the world. In2015, same period last year, the net profit attributable to the
team headed by Li Yeqing, Secretary of the Party Committee
LafargeHolcim China - Huaxin Cement implemented shareholders of the parent company was 5.181 billion yuan,
and President of the company, the company has actively 2018年，公司销售水泥及商品熟料7072万吨，同比增长
comprehensive integration. an increase of 149.39% over the same period last year, and
implemented the spirit of the Nineteenth National Congress, 2.91%；销售骨料1451万吨，同比增长25.87%；各类废弃
the tax payment was 3.898 billion yuan, which created value
based on safety production, with "three focuses" as the grasp,
近年来，在以公司党委书记、总裁李叶青为班长的高管 物入窑处置量达到214.4万吨，同比提升17.25%。实现营业 for the shareholders and contributed to the society.
with new quality development as the direction, focusing on the
团队带领下，公司上下积极贯彻落实十九大精神，以安 收入274.66亿元，同比增长31.48％；实现利润总额
implementation of "four strategies" to speed up the development
06 / 07
2018企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 公司概况 COMPANY PROFILE
2018年公司经济效益 2018年公司荣誉
Economic Results of the Company in 2018 Company Honor in 2018
1、 华新水泥连续4年入选亚洲品牌500强。
Huaxin Cement has been selected as the top 500 Asian brands for four consecutive years.
2、华新水泥连续9年稳居《财富》中国500强排行榜，较去年上升93位。
300
274.66 Huaxin Cement has been ranked in Fortune 500 for nine consecutive years, up 93 from last year.
250
208.89 3、华新水泥稳居中国制造业企业500强排行榜，较去年上升57位。
200
Huaxin Cement ranked among the top 500 manufacturing enterprises in China, up 57 from last year.
150 135.26
4、华新水泥五度跻身“中国500最具价值品牌” 排行榜，位列第88位。
100 Huaxin Cement ranked fifth in the list of "China's 500 Most Valuable Brands", which ranked 88th.
50
5、李叶青总裁荣获“中国建材行业改革开放四十年风云人物”。
0 President Li Yeqing was awarded " Influential man for Forty Years of Reform and Opening-up in
2016 2017 2018 China's Building Materials Industry".
营业收入（单位：亿元） Operating revenue (100 Million Yuan)
6、华新水泥荣获2017年度上市公司金牛最具投资价值奖。
Huaxin Cement won the most valuable investment award of Golden Bull in 2017.
7、华新水泥以2017年利润总额28.12亿元排名中国百强企业奖196位（湖北上市公司中位列第
二）。
45
38.98 Huaxin Cement ranked 196th in the Top 100 Enterprise Awards of China with a total profit of 2.812
40
billion yuan in 2017 (ranked second in Hubei listed companies).
35
30
8、华新水泥名列2018湖北企业百强排行榜第31位，较去年前进2位。
25
21.85
Huaxin Cement ranked 31st in the Top 100 list of Hubei Enterprises in 2018, two places ahead of
20
18.62
last year.
15
10
9、华新水泥产品四度荣膺 “湖北名牌产品”称号。
5
Huaxin Cement Products have been awarded the title of "Hubei Famous Brand Products" for four
0
2016 2017 2018 times.
税收实现额（单位：亿元） Taxes payment (100 Million Yuan) 10、华新水泥荣获“建材企业‘走出去’发展先进单位”称号。
Huaxin Cement has been awarded the title of "Building Material Enterprises ‘Go Out’ to Develop
Advanced Unit”.
11、华新水泥荣获建材行业管理体系认证“优秀企业”称号。
Huaxin Cement has won the title of "Excellent Enterprise" in the management system certification of
building materials industry.
08 / 09
2018企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 公司治理 Corporate Governance
创新投资者关系管理工作，加强股票市值管理
Innovating the management of investor relations and strengthening
the management of stock market value
03 全年组织4次股东大会、9次董事会、9次专门委员会（其中审计3次、合规1次、提名1次、薪酬2次、战略2次）；全
年为公司股东大会、董事会及专门委员提供高质高效中英同传、交传和中英文材料，为董事决策提供支持。全年共披
露定期报告4份、临时公告32份 ，中英文公告同步发出。全年各类公告披露及时准确、无差错、无一次更正公告，符
合交易所信息披露各项要求，并获得交易所年度信息披露B 类评价。全年举办10次投资者公开接待周活动，总计
公司治理
38批次现场接待到访的机构投资者、基金经理、建材行业分析师/研究员；组织5次管理层与投资者交流会（包括现场
接待、网上路演和电话会议等方式）。全年27次参加证券公司资本市场策略会，17次参加券商组织的与机构投资者
Corporate Governance
交流的电话会议，4次组织投资者到工厂现场参观。月均接听投资者咨询电话90余次、通过微信回复投资者/分析师咨
询40余次。2018年公司总市值增幅达25.12%，市值增长连续两年在14家以水泥为主业的A股上市公司中列第一。
The company organized four shareholders'meetings, nine boards of directors and nine special committees
(including three audits, one compliance, one nomination, two salaries and two strategies) throughout the
year and we provided high-quality and efficient English- Chinese simultaneous transmission, transmission
and Chinese-English materials for the shareholders'meeting, board of directors and special members of the
company, and provide support for directors' decision- making.Four periodic reports and 32 interim
2018年，我们积极完善公司内部治理机制，加强风险识别与评估，努力提 announcements were disclosed throughout the year, and both Chinese and English announcements were
升公司运营管理能力，实现公司最佳经营业绩。 issued simultaneously. Annual announcements were timely, accurate, error-free and no correction
announcements, which meet the requirements of the exchange for information disclosure, and get the B-
type evaluation of the exchange's annual information disclosure. Ten investor public reception weeks were
In 2018, we actively improved the internal governance mechanism,
held throughout the year. A total of 38 on-site visits were received by institutional investors, fund managers
strengthened risk identification and assessment, and strived to
and building materials industry analysts/researchers,five exchanges between management and investors
improve the company's operational management capabilities to were organized (including on-site reception, online roadshow and telephone conference). We participated
achieve the best operating performance. in 27 securities company capital market strategy meetings, 17 telephone meetings with institutional
investors organized by securities companies, and organized 4 on-site visits of investors to factories.
Monthly average received more than 90 investor advisory calls and responded to investor/analyst
consultation more than 40 times through Wechat. The total market value of the company increased by
25.12% in 2018, ranking first in 14 A-share listed companies with cement as the main industry for two
consecutive years.
10 / 11
2018企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 公司治理 Corporate Governance
强化风险识别与评估, 持续提升内控执行效果 创新思路 多措并举， 全面推动党风廉政建设向纵深发展
Strengthen risk identification and assessment to continuously Innovative thinking and take various measures simultaneously, promoting the Construction
improve the implementation effect of internal control of Party Style and Clean Government in an All-round Way to deeply develop
2018年5月至6月，公司组织总部各职能部门及各事业部开展 other business processes. In 2018, the company updated 2018年，公司创新思路，多措并举，全面落实党风建设责任制，深入推进惩
年度商业风险管理工作，从宏观环境、创新、供应链、财政等 the internal control norms that have been fully implemented 防体系建设，党委主动担当起主体责任，纪委积极履行监督责任，不断强化
多个方面，通过开放式研讨对各具体风险进行识别与评估，最 in business units such as cement, environmental protection, 风险预防控制，持续聚焦监督执纪问责。通过以“第十九个党风廉政宣教
concrete, aggregate, equipment engineering, packaging,
终确定了7项关键风险，同时拟定了7项关键风险的应对措施 月”、党规党纪“十进十建”等活动为契机和载体，全面抓牢廉政简讯、廉
headquarters functions and shared service centers, and set
及计划，并对其执行结果进行跟踪。 洁手册、节点廉洁教育等九大阵地，严格坚守党风廉政工作“四同时”、党
up responsible persons for the control activities of each
From May to June in 2018, the company organized all 员干部教育培训、法纪巡回宣讲、廉洁问题管理联动等七项制度，重点筑牢
business unit, and confirmed, supervised and monitorred the
functional departments of headquarters and various business 营销风险、工程项目风险防控等五道防护墙，积极构建了廉洁从业环境，不
implementation of each control activity through the internal
units to carry out annual business risk management, from
control management platform. Through intranet 断推动了党风廉政建设工作向纵深发展，为公司持续健康高质量转型发展提
macro-environment, innovation, supply chain, finance and other
announcement, full group special function meeting, internal 公司廉洁工程创建活动启动 供了红色引擎，公司党风廉政建设工作得到了黄石市委、纪委的充分肯定。
aspects, each specific risk was identified and evaluated through Initiation of Incorruption Project Creation Activity
audit project on-site meeting and other ways to further In 2018, the company innovated ideas, took various measures at the same
open-ended discussion, at the same time, seven key risk
strengthen the internal control propaganda and consistently time, fully implemented the responsibility system of Party Style
response measures and plans were drawn up, and their
enhanced the business unit's understanding and attention to construction,further promoted the construction of the punishment and
implementation results were followed up.
internal control. prevention system, Party Committee took the initiative to assume the main
公司内控规范中的各项控制活动均以业务流程风险为导向，设
2018年3月，普华永道中天会计师事务所（特殊普通合 responsibility, Discipline Inspection Commission actively fulfilled the supervision
置相应的控制目标及控制活动描述，涵盖水泥、环保、混凝
伙）对我公司2017年的内部控制出具了标准无保留意见的 responsibility, continuously strengthened risk prevention and control, and
土、骨料、装备工程、包装等主要业务领域，涉及公司层面、
continuously focusd on supervision, discipline and accountability. By taking the
审计报告。
IT、财务、固定资产、存货、收入、支出、人力资源等多项业 activities of "the 19th Party Conduct and Clean Government Propaganda
In March 2018, PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhongtian
务流程。2018年，公司对已在水泥、环保、混凝土、骨料、 Month" and "the 10th Construction of Party Regulations and Disciplines" as the
Accounting Firm (Special General Partnership) issued a
装备工程、包装等业务单元、总部职能及共享服务中心全面实 standard and unqualified audit report on our company's opportunities and carriers, we firmly grasped the nine positions of honest
government bulletins, honest handbooks and node honest education, strictly
施的内控规范进行更新，并将各业务单元的控制活动分别设置 internal control in 2017.
adhere to the seven systems of "four simultaneity" of Party conduct and clean
责任人，通过内控管理平台对各控制活动的执行情况予以确 2018年，公司对总部职能、共享服务中心、13家水泥工厂
government work, education and training of Party members and cadres, law
认、督办及监控。通过内网通报、全集团专项职能会议、内部 及2家包装工厂进行内控执行有效性审计，致力于不断提升
and discipline tour propaganda, and management linkage of honest issues,
审计项目现场会议等方式进一步加大内控宣贯力度，持续提升 内控执行效果，并组织各单位开展年度内部控制自我评
and focus on building a firm marketing style, five protective walls, such as
业务单元对内控的了解与重视。 价，未发现重大及重要缺陷。
insurance and project risk prevention and control, have actively constructed a
The control activities in the company's internal control norms In 2018, the company audited the effectiveness of internal clean working environment, continuously promoted the development of Party
are guided by business process risk, setting corresponding control execution of headquarters functions, shared service conduct and clean government construction, and provided a red engine for the
control objectives and descriptions of control activities, covering centers, 13 cement plants and 2 packaging plants. It was sustainable healthy and high-quality transformation and development of the
the main business areas such as cement, environmental committed to continuously improve the effectiveness of company. The work of Party conduct and clean government construction of the
protection, concrete, aggregate, equipment engineering, internal control execution, and organized various units to company has been fully affirmed by Huangshi Municipal Committee and
packaging, etc., involving the company level, IT, finance, fixed carry out annual internal control self-evaluation, no major and Discipline Commission.
assets, inventory, income, expenditure, human resources and important defects were found.
12 / 13
2018企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 公司治理 Corporate Governance
post and two responsibilities"; strengthening the education of integrity, so that the party spirit education
实例 can form a "normal"; improving the system construction, firmly tightening the system "cage"; optimizing
the system construction, giving full play to the role of the second and third levels of organizations;
Case Studies
standardizing the operation of power, so that it can be exposed to the sun; and increasing letters and
visits, supervising efforts to promote the construction of a clean and honest Party conduct; practicing
the "four forms" and focusing on early grasping small ones; maintaining a high-pressure situation of
investigation and punishment to promote self-conscious and honest employment; attaching importance
to the application of results and implementing the "one vote rejection of honesty".Peng Qingyu, Deputy
公司开展基层党务工作人员培训提升党建工作质量 Secretary of the training summary speech, said that after this training, we have deeply studied Xi
The company carried out training for grass-roots party workers to improve the quality of Party building work Jinping's new era of socialism with Chinese characteristics, and have a further understanding of the key
business work of Party building, especially Secretary Li Yeqing's special report, which points out the
direction and path for the company to further promote the work of Party conduct and clean government.
He demanded that Party staff should have a high sense of responsibility, a strong sense of
enterprising, strong business ability, excellent work style, better performance of their duties and duties,
and promote the company's Party work to achieve new achievements, to a new level.
公司荣获2017年度上市公司金牛最具投资价值奖
The company won the most valuable investment award of Taurus in 2017
8月24日，公司政工部在华新学院举办基层党务工作人员培训班。公司党委书记、总裁李叶青讲授党风廉政教育专题党课，公
司党委副书记、纪委书记彭清宇主持培训并作总结讲话。此次培训以“现场+视频”形式，公司各级基层党组织书记、副书记、 能力等综合实力的肯定，表明华新水泥在信息披露、公司治理、
委员及基层党务业务人员共560人参加培训。李叶青书记指出，加强党风廉政建设，有利于公司高质量转型发展，是根治生产 投资者关系管理、资本运作等领域做出了卓有成效的工作，得到
经营和管理环节的廉洁风险的需要，是公司关爱党员、员工，维护家庭和睦，落实好“聚焦人”的需要。他就推进党风廉政建 资本市场的广泛关注与高度认可。
设纵深化，提出明确举措：强化主体责任，严格落实“一岗双责”；加强廉洁教育，让党性教育形成“常态”；完善制度建 On November 15, the 20th Golden Bull Award Ceremony of China's
设，扎牢扎紧制度“笼子”；优化体系建设，充分发挥二三级组织作用；规范权力运行，让权力暴晒在阳光下；加大信访监督 Listed Companies was held in Chengdu, Sichuan. Huaxin Cement
won the " Golden Bull Most Valuable Investment Award in 2017" and
力度，促进党风廉政建设；践行“四种形态”，着力抓早抓小；保持查处高压态势，促成自觉廉洁从业；重视结果应用，实行
Wang Ximing, secretary of the board of directors of Huaxin Cement,
“廉洁一票否决”。彭清宇副书记作培训总结讲话时表示，经过此次培训，大家深入学习了习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思
won the " Golden Bull Board Secretary Award in 2017", one of the
想，对党建重点业务工作有了进一步了解，特别是李叶青书记的专题报告，为公司深入推进党风廉政建设工作指明了方向和路
100 best Golden Bull Secretaries of the Board of Directors. From
径。他要求党务工作人员必须具有高度的责任感、强烈的进取意识、较强的业务能力、优良的工作作风，更好地履职尽责，推
more than 3,500 A-share listed companies, the selection committee
动公司党务工作取得新成绩，迈上新台阶。 selected 98 listed companies as the most valuable investment
11月15日，第20届中国上市公司金牛奖颁奖典礼在四
On August 24, the Ministry of Politics and Industry held a training course for grass-roots Party workers in Huaxin College. Li Yeqing, award in 2017. The number of enterprises that won this award is
secretary and President of the Party Committee of the company, taught the special Party lessons on Party conduct and clean 川成都举行，华新水泥荣获“2017年度金牛最具投资 less than 3% of A-share listed companies, all of which are the
government education. Peng Qingyu, Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee and Secretary of the Discipline Committee of the 价值奖”，华新水泥董事会秘书王锡明荣获“2017年 "performance backbone" of listed companies. This award affirmed
company, presided over the training and gave a concluding speech. The training was in the form of "on-site + video". 560 Party 度金牛董秘奖”，为100位最佳金牛董秘之一。 本届 the comprehensive strength of Huaxin Cement, such as its deep
secretaries, deputy secretaries, members and grass-roots Party business personnel at all levels of the company participated in the 评选委员会从3500多家A股上市公司中，评选出 operation and management ability, good capital operation ability and
training.Secretary Li Yeqing pointed out that strengthening the construction of Party conduct and clean government was conducive 2017年度金牛最具投资价值奖共涉及98家上市公司， sustained technological innovation ability. It showed that Huaxin
to the transformation and development of the company with high quality, which was the need to eradicate the risk of honesty in Cement has made fruitful work in the fields of information disclosure,
荣获此奖的企业数量不到A股企业的3%，皆为是上市
production, operation and management, which was also the need for the company to care for Party members and employees, corporate governance, investor relationship management, capital
公司中“业绩中坚”。 此次获奖是对华新水泥深厚的
maintain family harmony and implement the "focus on people". He put forward clear measures to promote the deepening of the operation and so on, and has been widely concerned and highly
运营管理能力、良好的资本运作能力和持续的技术创新
construction of a clean and Honest Party style and government: strengthening the main responsibility, strictly implementing the "one recognized by the capital market.
14 / 15
2018企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 环保履责 Social responsibilities performance in
environmental protection
清洁生产
Clean Production
公司在不断推进污染治理水平，实现污染物逐步下降的同时，探索优化水泥窑主要污染物（颗粒物、SO2、NOx）超低排放技
术，并通过内部环境监管与治理，提升各分子公司在污染物排放控制、环境管理水平，打造水泥行业绿色工厂样板。
While continuously promoting the level of pollution control and realizing the gradual decrease of pollutants, the company explored
and optimized the ultra-low emission technology of main pollutants (particulate matter, SO2, NOx) from cement kilns, and through
internal environmental supervision and control, promoted the level of pollutant emission control and environmental management of
04
the subsidiaries, and built a green plant model in cement industry.
全面实施环境审计
环保履责
Fully implement environmental audit
Social responsibilities
公司对水泥等主要业务实施环境审计，从管理制度、现场污染防治、矿山复垦等方面实施对标，指导并督促各工厂制定环境整
performance in environmental
改措施，不断优化各工厂污染防治与环境管理水平，全面提升公司的可持续发展竞争力。
protection
The company carried out environmental auditing for cement and other major businesses , took benchmark on management
system , on-site pollutants control& prevention , and mine land reclamation , guided and required the plants to make action lists on
environmental improvement to optimize the pollutants control &prevention measures and management level, and comprehensively
promoted the sustainable development competitiveness of the company.
降低污染物排放
通过持续推行清洁生产,不断优化污染治理水平、降低污染物排放对环境不利影响的同
Reduction of Pollutant Discharge
时，我们利用水泥窑协同处置的先进技术优势，不断拓宽环境服务业务，以产业推进落
实国家“绿水青山就是金山银山”的生态保护理念。
集团下属各分子公司通过强化污染物控制与治理，全年实现颗粒物、SO2、NOx等主要污染物稳定达标排放。其中，公司下属
While Huaxin continuously initiate clean production, optimize pollutants
恩平等一大批工厂实现主要排放口颗粒物达到水泥工业颗粒物大气污染物特别排放限值的要求（20mg/Nm3 ），信阳公司实施
abatement , decrease the harmful influence on the pollutants’ emission , 窑头电收尘改造、采用“低氮燃烧+水泥窑协同处置降氮方案+SNCR”方案，实现主要污染物达到水泥行业超低排放限值。
based on the advanced co-processing by cement kiln technologies , constantly
By strengthening the control and prevention of pollutants, the major pollutants such as particulate matter, SO2 and NOx could be
discharged steadily through the year. Among them , the concentration of particle matter discharged were under the special limited
expand the environmental service to practice the national ecological protection
value of national ambient pollutants control standard of cement industry in several plants ,like enping plant . the EP utilization of
principles(Lucid waters and lush mountains are invaluable assets) with the cooler , the nitrogen degrading measurement as the lower nitrogen oxygen combustion , the kiln co-processing and SNCR were
carried out by the Xinyang plant , which made the concentration of particle matter,SO2,NOx discharged were under the utra- low
industrialization .
limited value of cement ambient pollutants control standard .
16 / 17
2018企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 环保履责 Social responsibilities performance in
environmental protection
落实污染物自行监测 全员环保意识培养
Implement self- monitoring of pollutants
The cultivation of all staff ‘s environmental awareness
集团下属各水泥工厂严格依据《污染物自行监测指南 水泥工业》的要求，制定自行监测方
案并实施，为公司的污染物排放提供内部自查与预警，实现主要污染物稳定达标排放。
推行环保观察行，要求全员主动发现环保问题，通过提出问题——分析问题——解决问
According to the requirements of "Guidelines for Self-monitoring of Pollutants Cement
题的流程，对于现场发现的环保问题，实施立行立改，实现全员环保，不断提升公司污
Industry", cement plants made up and implemented self-monitoring schemes, which provided
染防治水平。
internal self-monitoring and early warning for the plants’ pollutant s emissions and achieved
We implemented environmental watching act , to require all staff to discover the
stable discharge of major pollutants.
on-site environmental problem , through the flow ( introduce, analyze, then fix up
the problem )to implement reformation for the environmental protection
problems found on the spot, and constantly improved the company's pollution
prevention and control level.
全面实施环境信息公开
Fully push up the public of the environmental information
落实排污许可证执行报告。各水泥工厂严格按照排污许可证申请与核发技术规范的要求，
定期在全国排污许可证管理信息平台上落实排污许可证季度、月度执行报告，向全社会公
生物多样性保护
开公司主要污染物排放浓度与总量，接受社会监督。
Biodiversity protection
In strict accordance with the requirements of application and issuance of technical
specifications for pollutant discharge permits, cement plants regularly implemented quarterly
and monthly implementation reports of pollutant discharge permits on the national information 公司致力于金沙江土著鱼类保护，已连续3年参与金沙江土著鱼类增殖放流活动，维护
platform for pollutant discharge permit management, publicized the concentration and total
金沙江的自然生态平衡。
amount of major pollutants discharged to the whole society, and accepted social supervision.
Huaxin contributed to protect the original fishes in jinsha river and have
participated in the reproduce& release activity of original inhabitant fishes for
建设污染物实时播报平台。通过设立厂区电子显示屏，实时播报污染物排放情况，接受社
three consecutive years , to keep the ecological balance of jinsha river .
区居民等利益相关方的监督。
Built a real-time pollutant broadcast platform. By setting up the electronic display screen in the
plant area, the pollutant emission situation could be broadcast in real time, which could be
supervised by the community residents and other stakeholders .
推行工厂环保开放日活动。通过工厂开放日活动，向公众展示工厂在污染物治理上的努力
及改善，接受公众监督。
Promoted the opening day of environmental protection in factories. Through the factory
opening day activities, to show the public the factory's efforts and improvements in pollutant
control, subject to public supervision.
18 / 19
2018企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 环保履责 Social responsibilities performance in
environmental protection
应对气候变化 实施内部碳排放审计，提升公司碳资产管理水平
Implement internal carbon emission audit to improve the management level of carbon assets
Dealing with climate change
以国家水泥行业温室气体核算指南为基础，制定碳排放审计标准，从计量设备管理、台账管理、绩效评价等方面对水泥生产企
业实施全面评价，并有针对性的提出节能降碳解决方法，提升各控排企业的碳资产管理水平。
公司在严格落实国家、地方的温室气体减排目标的同时，持续推进温室气体减排，降低单位产品碳排放强度；通过内部碳排放
Carbon emission auditing standards were formulated based on the national accounting guidelines for greenhouse gases in cement
审计工作，提升公司碳排放数据核算与核查水平；通过实施碳配额交易与托管，实现碳资产保值增值。
industry. Comprehensive evaluation of cement production plants were carried out from the aspects of measurement equipment
While the company strict push forward the national and local reduction target of greenhouse gases ,the GHG
management, account management and performance evaluation. Solutions for energy saving and carbon reduction were put
emission volume were continuously decreased ,and the specific carbon emission was cut down year by year
forward to improve the management level of carbon assets .
.according to the internal carbon audit , increasing the calculation and certification ability of carbon data .According to
the transaction and deposit of the carbon allowance to realize the Value-keeping and Value-adding of Carbon
实现碳资产保值增值
Assets.
Realize the Value- keeping and Value- adding of carbon assets
把握碳市场规律，采用“高抛低吸”、“CCER与配额置换”等策略，成功实现碳资产增值保值。
积极参与碳交易试点，实现100%履约 Graspt the law of carbon market, adopted the strategies of "high selling and low absorbing", "CCER and quota replacement", and
Positively participate into the carbon trading , realize fully compliance in carbon trading priority area. successfully realized the value-added and preservation of carbon assets.
在湖北、重庆、广东3个碳交易试点省份，华新20家水泥企业按期、足额上缴履约配额，履行企业应对气候变化的社会责任。
In three pilot provinces of carbon trading in Hubei, Chongqing and Guangdong, 20 cement plants in Huaxin handed in their 积极参与碳市场建设
performance quotas on time and in full to fulfill their social responsibilities in dealing with climate change. Actively participate in the construction of carbon market
参与第二届《碳会计与碳金融国际研讨会》，并分享华新的碳资产管理及交易经验，助力控排企业提升碳资产管理水平；
Participated in the second International Symposium on Carbon Accounting and Carbon Finance, and shared Huaxin's experience in
持续推进能耗下降工程，CO减排效果明显 Carbon Asset Management and trading, so as to help emission control enterprises improving their carbon asset management level；
2
Continuous promoting of energy consumption reduction projects, CO2 emission reduction effect was obvious 积极参与武汉大学《水泥行业碳交易技术与标准集成解决方案》的课题研究，对水泥行业节能降碳的关键点进行梳理与分析，并提
供有效的解决方案；
提高RDF（垃圾衍生燃料）热替代率，降低化石燃料燃烧产生的CO 排放；
2
Actively participated in Wuhan University's project "Solution of carbon trading technology and standard integration in cement industry",
Increase the thermal substitution rate of RDF (refuse derived fuel) and reduce CO2 emissions from fossil fuel combustion;
sorted out and analyzed the key points of energy saving and carbon reduction in cement industry, and provided effective solutions；
协助中国建材联合会、湖北碳排放权交易中心等机构推进水泥行业碳资产管理能力建设。
实施预热器降阻改造，降低高温风机电耗和熟料烧成热耗；
Assisted China Building Materials Federation, Hubei Carbon Emission Trading Center and other institutions to promote the capacity
Implement resistance reduction retrofit of preheater to reduce power consumption of high temperature fan and heat consumption of
building of carbon assets management in the cement industry.
clinker sintering;
实施生料粉磨系统改造，大幅降低生料加工电耗；
Implementing the transformation of raw meal grinding system, greatly reducing the power consumption of raw meal processing; 推进全员低碳意识培养
Promoting the training of Low Carbon Awareness of the whole staff
持续推进风机效率提升项目，降低电耗；
为响应国家节能、低碳的号召，公司在2018年全国节能宣传周和全国低碳日期间，举行低碳宣传周活动及低碳小知识有奖竞答
Continuous promotion of fan efficiency improvement projects to reduce power consumption;
活动。号召全员参与，从生活的一点一滴做起，鼓励全体员工节水节电，采用步行和骑自行车替代私家车等活动践行降碳的承
诺。
2018年，基于全国水泥行业温室气体量化指南，2018年公司吨熟料CO 排放量较上年显著下降。
2
In response to the call of national energy-saving and low-carbon, the company held a low-carbon publicity week and a low-carbon
In 2018, based on the national guidelines for quantifying greenhouse gases in cement industry, CO2 emissions per ton of clinker in
knowledge award-winning contest during the National Energy-saving Publicity Week and the National Low-carbon Day in 2018.
2018 decreased significantly compared with the previous year.
Called on all the staff to participate, start from every bit of life, encouraged all staff to save water and electricity, using walking and
bicycling instead of private cars and other activities to implement the commitment of reducing carbon.
20 / 21
2018企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 环保履责 Social responsibilities performance in
environmental protection
实例
Case Studies
致力于金沙江土著鱼类保护
华新临沧公司开展“美丽中国，我是行动者”环保月活动
Committed to the protection of indigenous fish in Jinsha River
Huaxin Lincang Company launched "Beautiful China, I am an
Actor" Environmental Protection Month
3
3
临沧公司环保月活动现场
Environmental Protection Month scene
金沙江放鱼现场
Fish Release scene injinsha river 为积极履行国家在十九大上提出的“绿水青山就是金山银山”的战略方针，牢固树
立尊重自然、顺应自然、保护自然的理念，结合国家2018年提出的“美丽中国，
我是行动者” 的环保主题，临沧公司启动了首个以“美丽工厂，我是行动者”为主
2018年，公司与香格里拉土著鱼类恢复和保护协会共同举办的金沙江土
题的环保月活动，动员全厂员工积极行动、深入持久地推进工厂的美化建设，不断
著鱼放流活动，活动共放生土著鱼鱼苗1万余尾，旨在进一步推动环境保
提升环保意识，实现从“清洁工厂”到“花园式工厂”的转变。
护，提高大家对野生土著鱼类的保护意识，维护自然生态平衡。
In order to actively implement the strategic policy of " Lucid waters and lush
In 2018, the company and the Shangri-La Indigenous Fish Restoration and
mountains are invaluable assets " put forward by the State at the Nineteenth National
Protection Association jointly organized the Jinsha River Indigenous Fish
Congress, firmly establish the concept of respecting nature, conforming to nature and
Release Activity, which released more than 10,000 indigenous fish fry in
protecting nature, Lincang Company launched the first environmental protection
order to further promote environmental protection, enhancing people's
monthly activity with the theme of "Beautiful China, I am an actor" put forward by the
awareness of the protection of wild indigenous fish and maintaining the
State in 2018. The staff of the whole factory actively, deeply and persistently
natural ecological balance.
promoted the beautification construction of the factory, constantly enhanced the
awareness of environmental protection, and realized the transformation from "clean
factory" to "garden factory".
22 / 23
2018企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 环保履责 Social responsibilities performance in
environmental protection
华新水泥窑协同处置固废成套技术特点和优势
环境服务
Technical characteristics and advantages of Huaxin co- processing solid waste
Environmental Service by cement kiln
2018年，华新环保处置废弃物214.4万吨，同比上年增长17.25%；完成主营 城市生活垃圾两段式处置商业模式：华新的技术路线分为生态化预处理和水泥窑协同无害化处置两大
业务收入4亿元，同比上年增长22.02%，水泥窑协同处置市场占有率全国前 部分。独有的两段式处置商业模式，可以在没有水泥窑线的城市建设和运行垃圾预处理厂，不仅有效
列。2018年，累计处置生活垃圾142.07万吨、市政污泥59.62万吨、三峡漂 减轻城市的环境负荷和远期环境影响，还大大提高政府统筹解决“垃圾围城”中规划布局的灵活性。
浮物5.93万吨、危险废物3.11万吨、其他固废3.67万吨，实现碳减排196万吨 Business model of two-stage disposal of municipal solid waste: Huaxin's technological route include two
parts: ecological pretreatment and harmless disposal of cement kiln. The unique two-stage disposal
（与填埋相比）。
business model can construct and operate garbage pretreatment plants in cities without cement kiln line. It
In 2018, 2.144 million tons of wastes were disposed of in Huaxin, an increase of
not only effectively reduces the environmental burden and long-term environmental impact of cities, but
17.25% over the previous year; the revenue from the main business was 400
also greatly improves the flexibility of the planning and layout of the government in overall solving the
million yuan, an increase of 22.02% over the previous year; and the market
"garbage siege".
share of cement kiln cooperative disposal was the first in China. In 2018, a total
of 1.427 million tons of domestic waste, 596,200 tons of municipal sludge and
大替代率协同处置衍生燃料装备与系统稳定控制技术：基于新的燃烧模式和衍生燃料特点，通过炉内
59300 tons of floating matter from the upstream of the Three Gorges dam,
结构创新设计，研发了新型分解炉，不仅能处置高含水、大尺寸的衍生燃料，而且处置量达到世界最
31100 tons of hazardous waste and 36700 tons of other solid waste were
disposed of, achieving Carbon Emission Reduction by 1960000 tons(compared 大。通过大量的生产实践和数据分析开发出专家系统，实现了协同处置与水泥生产控制系统的深度融
with landfill). 合，保障了水泥生产的稳定运行与产品质量。
Based on the new combustion mode and the characteristics of derivative fuels, through innovative design
武汉市30%的生活垃圾、90%的城市污泥由华新进行无害化处置，河南省信 of furnace structure, a new type of calciner has been developed, which can not only deal with high water
阳市、四川省万源市以及湖北省鄂州市、武穴市、十堰市、赤壁市、应城市、 content and large size derivative fuels, but also achieve the largest disposal capacity in the world. Through
a large number of production practices and data analysis, an expert system was developed, which
秭归县、南漳县和湖南省株洲县、攸县等市县100%的生活垃圾均交给华新处
realized the deep integration of cooperative disposal and cement production control system, and ensured
置；湖北省黄石市、宜昌市、大冶市及重庆涪陵100%的生活污泥也由华新进
the stable operation of cement production and product quality.
行环保处置。
In Wuhan, 30% of domestic waste and 90% of municipal sludge are harmlessly
协同处置全程高环保标准消解技术：二噁英是社会最关注的排放污染热点问题。华新利用高活态碱性
disposed of by Huaxin. The lists of the cities’ 100% of domestic waste are
物质原位吸附固化含氯前驱物，从源头上遏制二噁英。
disposed of by Huaxin :
Cooperative Disposal of High Environmental Protection Standard Dissolution Technology: Dioxins are the
henan province :Xinyang City
most concerned issue of emission pollution in society. Huaxin uses highly active alkaline substances to
Sichuan Province: Wanyuan City ,
Hubei province : Ezhou City , Wuxue City,Shiyan City, Chibi City, Yingcheng City, adsorb and solidify chlorine-containing precursors in situ to contain dioxins from the source.
Zigui County, Nanzhang County,
超大规模生活垃圾生态预处理技术：过去，衍生燃料选取效率很低，另有大量有机可燃物和无机物胶
Hunan province :Zhuzhou County and Youxian County,
while 100% of domestic sludge in Huangshi City, Yichang City, Daye City and 粘在一起，分离难度大。华新充分利用其中厨余组分可供微生物生长繁殖的特点，开发出好氧生物发
Fuling of Chongqing are also disposed of by Huaxin. 酵干化、分选与除臭一体化技术，显著提高了衍生燃料的选取效率。
Ultra-large-scale domestic waste ecological pretreatment technology: In the past, the selection efficiency
of derivative fuels was very low, and a large number of organic combustibles and inorganic substances
24 / 25
2018企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 环保履责 Social responsibilities performance in
environmental protection
环保生产高效运营
Efficient operation of environmental protection production
通过研发人员的技术攻关，持续改进环保工厂运行效率、产品质量及环境质量，进一步提升赤壁、信阳、郧县、秭归、万源等
工厂水泥窑协同处置效率，其中信阳工厂日处置生活垃圾能力已达1000吨/天。
were glued together, it is difficulty for separation . Huaxin takes full advantage of
By means of Key Technologies through R&D Personnel, we continued to improve the operation efficiency, product quality and
the characteristics of kitchen waste components for microbial growth and
environmental quality of environmental protection and further we effectively improved the efficiency of co-processing by cement kiln
reproduction, and develops an integrated technology of aerobic bio-fermentation
in plants such as Chibi, Xinyang, Yunxian, Zigui and Wanyuan, among them the daily disposal capacity of domestic garbage in
drying, sorting and deodorization, which significantly improves the selection
Xinyang Plant has reached 1000 tons per day.
efficiency of derivative fuels.
以国际通用的热值替代率TSR（Thermal substitution rate）即替代燃料的热
值占熟料生产所消耗的全部热值比例来衡量水泥窑协同处置的资源化应用水
平，我国目前平均TSR尚不足1%。华新致力于利用预处理后的生活垃圾可燃
物（RDF）替代分解炉用煤的研究和实践，已在旗下的信阳、武穴、阳新水
环保业务蓬勃发展
泥工厂进行生产测试，最高可实现分解炉90%的热能替代，且能保证熟料生产
Vigorous development of environmental protection business
运行稳定。2018年各工厂年度累计TSR 为3%—26%（指标高低不等主要是
受垃圾供应量及质量的影响），远高于国内水平。
Using International General Index of TSR（Thermal substitution rate）which 环保事业部与各区域事业部密切协同，在工业危废业务上进行重点突破，快速实现了参天、郴
means the calorific value of alternative fuels as a proportion of total calorific value 州、信阳、水城危废项目布点，恩平危废项目环评通过专家评审，取得南漳危废项目环评批复，
consumed in clinker production to measure the resource application level of
株洲危废项目已基本满足试生产条件，目前工业危废环评批复的处置能力已达21万吨/年。“东
cement kiln cooperative disposal,the average TSR in China is less than 1%.
湖高新生物园小微企业危废项目”突破了传统危废处置的商业模式，通过全面调研为生物城量身
Huaxin is committed to the research and practice of replacing coal for calciner 华新环境长山口工厂全貌
定制了从废物收集、检验、物流的一体化服务，探索到全新的商业合作模式。成功签约巴东生活 Huaxin Environment Changshankou
with RDF after pretreatment and production tests have been carried out in Factory Panorama
垃圾、西藏山南生活垃圾、富民干化污泥项目。
Xinyang, Wuxue and Yangxin cement plants, maximum 90% thermal energy
The Ministry of Environmental Protection was in close coordination with other regional departments
substitution for calciner and it can ensure the stable operation of clinker
and has made key breakthroughs in industrial hazardous waste business, realising the distribution
production. In 2018, the total annual TSR of each factory is 3%-26%(the
of hazardous waste projects in Shentian, Chenzhou, Xinyang and Shuicheng rapidly, the
difference of index is mainly affected by the quantity and quality of garbage
environmental impact assessment of Enping hazardous waste project has passed the expert review
supply), which is much higher than the domestic level.
and the approval of environmental impact assessment for Nanzhang hazardous waste project has
been obtained, Zhuzhou hazardous waste project has basically met the trial production conditions
and the disposal capacity of industrial hazardous waste of environmental assessment approval has
reached 210,000 tons per year at present. The "Dangerous Waste Project of Small and Micro
Enterprises in Donghu High and New Biological Park" broke through the traditional business model
of hazardous waste disposal, through a comprehensive survey, the integrated service of waste
collection, inspection and logistics has been tailored for Bio-City, and a brand-new business
cooperation model has been explored. We have successfully signed the Badong Municipal Solid
Waste Project, Shannan Municipal Solid Waste Project and Fumin Drying Sludge Project.
整洁的生产区域
Clean production area
26 / 27
2018企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 环保履责 Social responsibilities performance in
environmental protection
业绩指标
Performance Indicators
2018年环保处置能力 2018年环保签约项目一览表
Disposal capacity in 2018 Eco Projects signed in 2018
分类项目 生活垃圾 市政污泥 污染土 漂浮物 危废 总计 地区area 项目名称 name 设计规模 designed capacity
item MSW SS CS FM HW TOTAL
生活垃圾&污泥MSW&SS
处置能力
（含运营/在建/签约，万吨）
disposal capacity 390 120 20 10 10 550
Including operation/ in construction/ signed, 10 k tons 西藏山南 山南生活垃圾 250吨/天
Tibet Shannan Shannan MSW project 250 T/D
云南昆明 昆明污泥 100吨/天
Yunnan Kunming Kunming SS project 100 T/D
湖北巴东 巴东生活垃圾 200吨/天
Hubei Badong Badong MSW project 200 T/D
危废HW
2018年环保投产项目一览表
Eco projects put into operation in year 2018 湖北阳新 阳新危废 15万吨/年
Hubei Yangxin Yangxin HW project 150,000t/y
设计规模
序号 地区 项目名称 投产时间 湖北南漳 南漳危废 5万吨/年
design scale
No. area project name （吨/天tons/day） time of operation Hubei Nanzhang Nanzhang HW project 50,000t/y
华新环境长山口工厂 广东恩平 恩平危废 10万吨/年
1 武汉江夏 生活垃圾项目 2000 2018.11 Guangdong Enping Enping HW project 100,000t/y
Wuhan Jiangxia
Huaxin ECO changshankou MSW project
云南参天 参天危废 6万吨/年
Yunnan Cantian Cantian HW project 60,000t/y
湖北宜都 华新环境工程（宜都市）有限公司 污泥项目
2 350 2018.10
Hubei Yidu huaxin ECO(Yidu) SS project
湖北宜昌 宜昌污泥项干目化名处称理项目
3 360 2018.10
Hubei Yichang Yichang SS pdrroyjiencgt dnisapmoes ing project
湖北十堰 华新环境工程（十堰）有限公司生活垃圾项目
4 1000 2018.5
Hubei Shiyan Huaxin ECO(Shiyan) MSW project
云南昭通 华新水泥（昭通）项有目限名公称司生活垃圾项目
5 500 2018.9
unnan Zhaotong Huaxin ECO(pZrhoajeoctto nnagm) Me SW project
28 / 29
2018企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 环保履责 Social responsibilities performance in
environmental protection
实例
Case Studies
李叶青总裁获评2018年中国十大固（危）废领军人物
CEO Li Yeqing was awarded the Top Ten Leaders of China's Solid (hazardous) Waste
公司荣获第二十届中国专利优秀奖
disposing industry in 2018
Huaxin won the 20th China Patent Excellence Award
11月1日，由危废中国网发起的“2018年中国十大固（危）废领
军人物评选”结果出炉，李叶青总裁获评2018年中国十大固 12月25日，由中国国家知识产权局和世界知识产权组织（WIPO）共同主办的第二
（危）废领军人物，该评选旨在宣扬固（危）废处置企业领导人 十届中国专利奖颁奖大会在北京举行。我公司发明专利“一种垃圾处理系统及方法”
的企业精神，表彰他们在环保领域披荆斩棘作出的卓越贡献。 （专利号：ZL201410561976.6）荣获第二十届中国专利优秀奖。
On November 1, President Li Yeqing was awarded the Top Ten On December 25, the 20th China Patent Awards Conference, co-sponsored by the
Leaders of China's Solid (hazardous)) Waste disposing Industry in State Intellectual Property Office of China and the World Intellectual Property
2018, which was initiated by China National hazard Waste Network. Organization (WIPO), was held in Beijing. Huaxin has won the 20th China Patent
The purpose of the selection is to promote the entrepreneurial spirit Excellence Award for its invention patent "A Waste Treatment System and Method"
of leaders of solid (hazardous)) waste disposal enterprises and to (Patent No. ZL201410561976.6).
commend them for their excellent contributions in the field of
environmental protection. 公司广泛应用这项发明专利技术，创立了中国垃圾预处理环保领域多个第一。这项发
明技术的成功应用使“高能耗、高排放、高投入”的水泥工业，真正转变成为绿色产
近年来，在李叶青总裁的领导下，华新积极向绿色环保转型，专注于水泥窑协同处置固体废弃物成套技术的研发和实践，致力
业，为水泥这种传统原材料产业向环保功能产业转型升级提供了方向、途径和技术支
于解决“垃圾围城”难题。经过近十年的研发与实践，华新形成了具有国际先进水平和自主知识产权的整套水泥窑协同无害化
撑，为推进我国水泥窑协同处置废弃物技术装备和污染防治技术进步，促进水泥工业
和资源化处置技术和装备，取得了91项相关专利，涵盖城市生活垃圾、市政污泥、工业危废、污染土、漂浮物五大环保业务处
的绿色-循环-低碳发展，提供了很好的示范引领。
置平台。由李叶青总裁领衔完成的“水泥窑高效生态化协同处置固体废弃物成套技术与应用”成果，荣获2016年国家科学技术 The company extensively applies the patented technology of this invention and was the
进步奖二等奖，该技术总体成本低、燃料替代率高，易于推广，可对固体废弃物实现安全化、无害化处置，无二次污染隐患， first experimenter in the field of waste pretreatment and environmental protection in
有效缓解了“垃圾围城”问题，为行业转型升级、生态文明建设提供了新思路。 China. Successful application of this invention technology has transformed the cement
In recent years, under the leadership of CEO Li Yeqing, Huaxin has been actively transforming into a green environment, focusing industry from "high energy consumption, high emission and high investment" to a
on the research and development and practice of a complete set of technologies for the co-processing solid waste in cement kilns, “green” industry. It has guided the direction, path and technical support for the
and is committed to solving the "garbage siege" problem. After nearly ten years of research and development and practice, Huaxin transformation and upgrading of cement industry from a traditional raw material industry
has formed a set of technology and equipment for the co-processing harmless and resource-based disposal of cement kilns with to the environmental protection function industry. It has also promoted the technical
international advanced level and independent intellectual property rights. It has obtained 91 patents covering six major progress of waste disposal and pollution prevention in cement kilns in China, and
environmental protection business platforms, including municipal solid waste, industrial hazardous waste, polluted soil, floating promoted the cement industry to be green ,Cycle-low-carbon development provides a
matter. The achievement of "Complete Technology and Application of High Efficiency and Eco-synergistic Disposal of Solid Waste good demonstration guide.
in Cement Kiln" led by CEO Li Yeqing won the second prize of the 2016 National Science and Technology Progress Award. The
overall cost of the technology is low, and the fuel substitution rate is high ,also easy to popularize. It can achieve safe and harmless
disposal of solid waste without secondary pollution risks and effectively alleviate the "garbage siege "problem . The technology
provide new ideas for the transformation and upgrading of the industry and the contribution of ecological civilization process.
30 / 31
2018企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 环保履责 Social responsibilities performance in
environmental protection
住建部督导组到长山口项目现场督导垃圾分类终端处置工作
华新长山口工厂是目前在建的世界上规模最大的生活垃圾
Supervisory Team of Ministry of Housing and Construction went to Changshankou Project site to
预处理工厂。在现场，杨松询问了长山口工厂的建设情况
supervise waste classification terminal disposal work
和工程进度。当得知建成投产后能为武汉及周边地区循环
经济、节能减排、环保事业等方面作出重大贡献时，他表
示，希望加快长山口工厂建设进度，力争早日投产，持久
4月14日，住建部督导组在湖北省住建厅及武汉市城管委相关领导的陪同下，到华新长山口生活垃圾生态处理项目现场，督导 助力地方经济可持续发展。
调研武汉市垃圾分类后的终端处置工作。 Huaxin Changshankou Plant is currently the largest
On April 14, the supervisory team of the Ministry of Housing and Construction, accompanied by the relevant leaders of the Housing domestic waste pretreatment plant in the world. On the
and Construction Department of Hubei Province and the Wuhan Urban Management Committee, went to the site of the spot, Yang Song inquired about the construction and
Changshankou Municipal Solid Waste Eco-treatment Project in Huaxin to supervise and investigate the terminal disposal of Wuhan progress of Changshankou factory. When he learned that
municipal solid waste after classification. the completion of production can make a significant
督导组成员与现场技术人员交流，详细了解了长山口项目臭气、污水处理的相关技术方案。督导组认为华新环保技术属于国内 contribution to the circular economy, energy saving and
领先水平，也是目前能够有效处置城市生活垃圾最彻底的技术方案之一，表示华新通过水泥窑来协同处置武汉市湿垃圾技术上 emission reduction, environmental protection in Wuhan and
在华新龙王嘴污泥处置工厂，杨松听取了相关情况汇报。与其
its surrounding areas, he expressed the hope that the
是完全可行的，希望华新加快长山口项目建设，早日投产，为武汉市湿垃圾“减量化、资源化、无害化”处置做出有效示范，
他不同种类的市政污泥处理技术相比，该工厂在污泥处理技术
construction progress of Changshankou factory would be
为“每天不一样”的武汉做出贡献。
上有着无害化、减量化的优势。该技术的创新是污泥深度脱水
accelerated, and the early commissioning would be strived
Members of the supervisory team communicated with technicians on site, and had a detailed understanding of the relevant
与水泥窑焚烧技术结合，在处理过程中不会产生包括气体在内
to sustain the sustainable development of local economy.
technical schemes of odor and sewage treatment in Changshankou project. The supervisory group believed that Huaxin's
的任何有害物质及遗留任何残渣，无二次污染，所产生的污泥
environmental protection technology was the leading level in China and one of the most thorough technical schemes that could
饼全部运往华新旗下水泥窑入窑焚烧 ，实现“吃干榨净”。 在整个调研过程中，杨松仔细询问华新环保技术的有关问
effectively dispose of municipal solid waste at present. It was fully feasible for Huaxin to coprocess Wuhan's wet waste through
杨松对此高度评价，认为华新不断发展环保技术，并把成果运 题，详细了解了华新处置生活垃圾、长江漂浮物和市政污
cement kilns. It was hoped that Huaxin would speed up the construction of Changshankou project and put into operation as soon
as possible, so as to "reduce, recycle and disposal Wuhan's wet waste harmless" and make an effective demonstration of disposal 用到实际中来，不断改进各类废弃物的处置工艺，使处置工作 泥的有关情况，认真听取了企业在发展中遇见的各类问题
and contribute to Wuhan “different every day”. 更加合理、高效。 提出的诉求，他对华新的快速发展给予高度评价，希望华
In Huaxin Longwangzui sewage Sludge Disposal Plant, Yang 新继续大力发展环保产业，为全国生态文明建设和促进地
Song listened to relevant reports. Compared with other 方经济发展做出更大贡献。
municipal sludge treatment technologies, this plant has the During the whole investigation process, Yang Song
advantages of harmlessness and reduction in sludge treatment carefully inquired about Huaxin's environmental protection
technology. The innovation of this technology is the technology, detailed information about Huaxin's disposal of
全国政协人口资源环境委员会副主任杨松赴公司调研环保业务
combination of deep dewatering of sludge and incineration domestic garbage, Yangtze River floats and municipal
Yang Song, Deputy Director of the Population, Resources and Environment Committee of the CPPCC
technology of cement kiln. No harmful substances including gas sludge, listened carefully to the demands of various
National Committee, went to the company to investigate environmental protection business
and any residue are produced in the process of treatment, and problems encountered by enterprises in their development,
no secondary pollution occurs. All the sludge cakes produced and highly praised the rapid development of Huaxin. He
are transported to cement kiln under Huaxin banner for hoped that Huaxin would continue to vigorously develop
4月18日，全国政协人口资源环境委员会副主任杨松一行到公司调研环保业务，对华新水泥窑协同处置市政垃圾、市政污泥技
incineration, so as to realize "eating, drying and pressing". Yang the environmental protection industry for the national
术表示肯定。公司党委书记、总裁李叶青，执委、副总裁、华新环境公司总经理杨宏兵等陪同。
Song highly praised this, believing that Huaxin has been livelihood. The construction of ecological civilization and the
On April 18, Yang Songyi, deputy director of the Population, Resources and Environment Committee of the CPPCC National
developing environmental protection technology and applying promotion of local economic development have made
Committee, went to the company to investigate the environmental protection business, and affirmed the technology of Huaxin
the results to practice, constantly improving the disposal greater contributions.
cement kiln's collaborative disposal of municipal garbage and municipal sludge. Li Yeqing, (CEO and President of the Party
process of various kinds of waste, so as to make the disposal
Committee of the company) ,and Yang Hongbing,(executive committee, vice president and general manager of Huaxin
work more reasonable and efficient.
Environment Company), were accompanied.
32 / 33
2018企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 环保履责 Social responsibilities performance in
environmental protection
中央党校调研组赴南漳环保工厂调研
华新环境(十堰)再生资源利用有限公司牵手当地政府开展危废处置合作
Investigation Group of Central Party School to Nanzhang Environmental Protection Factory
Huaxin Environment (Shiyan) Renewable Resources Utilization Co., Ltd. Hands in Hand
with Local Government to Develop Cooperation on Disposal of Dangerous Wastes
7月24日，华新环境十堰公司与十堰市郧阳区政府签订合作协议，双方将在一般工业废弃物和危险废弃物处
置和回收利用等方面开展合作，这是公司加强鄂西环保产业布局，拓展危废处置业务的重要举措。公司副总
裁杨宏兵、郧阳区副区长肖安长代表双方签订了合作协议。
On July 24, Huaxin Environmental Shiyan Company signed a cooperation agreement with the Yunyang District
Government of Shiyan City. The two sides will cooperate in the disposal and recycling of general industrial
wastes and hazardous wastes. This is an important measure for the company to strengthen the layout of
environmental protection industry in Western Hubei and expand the business of hazardous wastes disposal.
Yang Hongbing, Vice President of the company, and Xiao Anchang, Vice President of Yunyang District signed
a cooperation agreement on behalf of both sides.
根据合作协议，华新环境十堰公司将在郧阳区打造首个集城市生活垃圾、市政污泥、一般工业废弃物和危险
5月15日，中央党校调研组赴南漳环保工厂调研生活垃圾处置工作，对华新水泥窑协同处置技术给予充分肯定。
废弃物处置的多平台环保项目，每年将无害化、资源化处置7000吨危险废弃物，彻底解决困扰地方政府多
On May 15, the research team of the Central Party School went to Nanzhang Environmental Protection Plant to
年的危险废弃物处置难题。
investigate the disposal of domestic waste, and fully affirmed the cooperative disposal technology of Huaxin cement kiln.
According to the cooperation agreement, Huaxin Environmental Shiyan Company will build the first multi-
在襄阳市常务副市长王忠运、市政府秘书长尚显强等陪同下，调研组一行听取了华新水泥窑协同处置生活垃圾技术及 platform environmental protection project in Yunyang District, which will collect municipal solid waste, municipal
sludge, general industrial waste and hazardous waste disposal. It will dispose 7,000 tons of hazardous waste
环保业务的发展情况，实地参观了南漳生活垃圾生态预处理工厂中控室，详细了解了项目建设、垃圾预处理成本、处
harmlessly and resourcefully every year, and thoroughly solve the problem of hazardous waste disposal that
理方式、环境保护等情况。该工厂生活垃圾从接收到处置，全程均处于密封和负压环境中，经过多重工艺，最终实现
has plagued local governments for many years.
无害化处置，为襄阳市的可持续发展做出了贡献。
Accompanied by Wang Zhongyun, Executive Vice Mayor of Xiangyang City, and Shang Xianqiang, Secretary-General of
肖安长副区长表示，该项目对郧阳区生态文明建设有着重要意义，郧阳区委区政府对该项目高度重视，将在
the Municipal Government, the research team listened to the development of Huaxin Cement Kiln's cooperative disposal
土地出让、税收减免与奖励、场平费用分担等实际问题上为企业发展创造有利条件，全力做好服务，为项目
technology and environmental protection business, visited the central control room of Nanzhang Municipal Solid Waste
建设与平稳运营保驾护航。杨宏兵副总裁对郧阳区委区政府对该项目的支持表示感谢。他表示，华新将全力
Ecological Pretreatment Plant on the spot, and got a detailed understanding of the project construction, waste
以赴以把项目做好做优，实现固体废弃物和危险废弃物等无害化、减量化、资源化处置，为当地经济社会的
pretreatment cost, disposal methods and environmental protection. From receiving to disposing, the garbage in this
factory is in a sealed and negative pressure environment. Through multiple processes, the harmless disposal of garbage 可持续发展做出新的贡献。
is finally realized, which contributes to the sustainable development of Xiangyang City. Xiao An, deputy director of the district, said that the project was of great significance to the construction of
ecological civilization in Yunyang District. The government of Yunyang District attached great importance to the
调研组表示，华新水泥窑协同处置技术为垃圾处置开辟了新路径，在促进生态文明建设方面大有可为，希望华新把企 project. It would create favorable conditions for the development of enterprises on practical issues such as land
业发展与环境保护更紧密地结合起来，研发更先进的环保技术，不断促进当地两型社会建设。 transfer, tax relief and incentives, and fair cost sharing. It would do its best to provide good services and escort
According to the research group, Huaxin Cement Kiln Co-disposal Technology has opened up a new way for waste for the construction and smooth operation of the project. Vice President Yang Hongbing thanked the Yunyang
disposal and has great potential in promoting the construction of ecological civilization. It is hoped that Huaxin will combine District Government for its support for the project. He said that Huaxin will spare no effort to do a good job in
enterprise development with environmental protection more closely, develop more advanced environmental protection the project, achieve harmless, reduced and resource-based disposal of solid waste and hazardous waste, and
technology and continuously promote the construction of local Two-oriented society. make new contributions to the sustainable development of local economy and society.
34 / 35
2018企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 环保履责 Social responsibilities performance in
environmental protection
环境公司与武汉光谷生物城签署危废处置战略协议
Environmental Corporation and Guanggu Biological City of Wuhan
Signed Strategic Agreement on the Disposal of Dangerous Wastes
在签约仪式上，华新环境公司总经理王加军表示，华新将严格遵守国家环保
相关政策法规，依托华新水泥窑协同处置的国家先进废物处置平台，针对生
物城企业产废的实际情况，探索适合生物城实际的全新的企业园区危废整体
服务的运营模式，按照高标准规划、高效率执行，将光谷生物城打造成具有
国家示范性作用的生物产业园。华新环境将在相关主管单位的支持帮助下，
与园区产废企业一起努力、不断完善服务，优化整体规划、夯实过程管理，
全力为园区企业提供合法合规、优质高效的服务，为“中国光谷”国家示范
生物产业园的建设发展贡献一份力量。
At the signing ceremony, Wang Jiajun, general manager of Huaxin
Environmental Corporation, said that Huaxin would strictly abide by the
relevant national environmental protection policies and regulations, rely on the
advanced national waste disposal platform of Huaxin Cement Kiln Cooperative
Disposal, in view of the actual situation of wastes produced by enterprises in
Biological City, explore a new operation mode of the whole service of
12月19日，华新环境公司与武汉国家生物产业基地在武汉举行合作签约仪式。根据
hazardous wastes in the enterprise park, which is suitable for the actual
协议，双方将从战略层面联手打造“绿色环保生物产业园区”。 situation of Biological City, and plan according to high standards and high
On December 19, Huaxin Environmental Corporation and Wuhan National Biological standards. Efficiency implementation will turn Guanggu Biological City into a
Industry Base held a cooperative signing ceremony in Wuhan. According to the national demonstration bio-industrial park. With the support of relevant
agreement, the mutuals will work together from a strategic level to create a "green competent units, Huaxin Environment will work with the waste enterprises in
environmental protection bio- industrial park". the park to continuously improve their services, optimize overall planning,
consolidate process management, and make every effort to provide legitimate,
经过十年建设发展,光谷生物城目前已聚集生物企业2000多家,已基本形成大健康产
compliant, high-quality and efficient services to the enterprises in the park, so
业生态圈。但与此同时,小微企业众多,部分企业存在环保意识不强、环保能力薄弱 as to contribute to the construction and development of "China Optical Valley"
的问题,对生物城的环境造成隐患。为确保园区内所有小微企业能够合法合规且安全 National Demonstration Bio-Industrial Park.
的处置危险废物，光谷生物城经过详实的市场调查,最终确定与华新环境进行合
华新环境公司商务发展、物流公司负责人，武汉东湖高新区环保局、光谷生
作,启动小微企业危险废弃物一体化处置项目。
物城、武汉生物技术研究院、生物城及园区企业代表等相关负责人等参加了
After ten years of construction and development, Guanggu Biological City has
gathered more than 2000 biological enterprises, and has basically formed a large 签约仪式。
healthy industrial ecosphere. But at the same time, there are many small and micro The person in charge of the business development and logistics company of
enterprises, some of which have the problems of weak environmental awareness and Huaxin Environment Company, the Environmental Protection Bureau of
weak environmental protection ability, which cause hidden dangers to the environment Wuhan Donghu High- tech Zone, Guanggu Biological City, Wuhan
of bio-city. In order to ensure that all small and micro enterprises in the park can Biotechnology Research Institute, representatives of enterprises of the
dispose of hazardous wastes legally and safely, Guanggu Biological City, after Biological City and the park participated in the signing ceremony.
detailed market research, has finally decided to cooperate with Huaxin Environment
and initiated the project of integrated disposal of hazardous wastes in small and micro
enterprises.
36 / 37
2018企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 安全履责 Social responsibilities performance in safety
安全培训
Safety training
安全领导力培训
leadership of Safety training
05
公司组织实施了安全领导力“我辅导”(I Coach)培训项目，为总部职
能部门、各事业部管理人员共165人次提供了现场培训，有效提升了各
安全履责 级管理人员的安全领导力。
The company has organized and implemented the safety leadership "I
Coach" training project, which provided on- site training for 165
Social responsibilities
managers of headquarters functional departments and departments, and
performance in safety
effectively improved the safety leadership of managers at all levels.
公司首席安全官赵崇光进行“我辅导”项目培训
Zhao Chongguang, Chief Safety Officer of the Company,
conducted " I Coach " Project Training
健康与安全现场主题专家TtT培训
安全是公司发展的基石，我们持续推进安全培训，强化安全管 Health and safety field subject expert TtT training
控，不断提高员工的安全意识，形成良好的安全习惯，确保公
司整体安全管理水平有效提升。
公司组织实施了健康与安全现场主题专家TtT培训项目，涵盖HSMS健
Safety is the cornerstone of the company's development.
康安全管理体系、能量隔离Ⅱ、吊装安全、移动设备&道路运输Ⅱ、应
We continue to promote safety training, strengthen safety
急管理等5个主题项目；全年为9个事业部共开展29场次TtT现场培
management and control, constantly improve staff's 训，为所有现场安全经理及相关管理人员共1045人次开展了安全培
safety awareness, form good safety habits, and ensure 训，全面提升了公司安全人员的专业素质和管理能力。
The company organized the implementation of the scene of the health
that the overall safety management level of the company
and safety subject matter experts TtT training project, covering HSMS
is effectively improved. health and safety management system, energy isolation Ⅱ, hoisting
security, mobile equipment & road transport Ⅱ, emergency
环保事业部/工厂现场TtT培训
management, and other 5 theme projects; in the whole year, a total of 29 Environmental protection BU/Plant on-site TtT training
TtT on-site trainings were carried out for 9 BU, and safety trainings were
carried out for 1045 person of all on-site safety managers and relevant
management, which comprehensively improved the professional quality
and management ability of safety personnel of the company.
38 / 39
2018企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 安全履责 Social responsibilities performance in safety
工程项目管理培训
Engineering project management training
全面推行实施iSave 十条黄金/白银规定
Fully implemented the I Save 10 gold / silver regulation
为强化项目施工现场安全管理，公司为各事业部项目经理及项目安全管理人
员38人举办专题项目安全管理研讨班，使学员进一步掌握项目安全管理体系
及现场安全管理方法，为改善项目现场安全管理奠定基础。
In order to strengthen the project construction site safety management, the
company held special project safety management seminar for 38 project
managers and project safety management of each BU, so that the trainees
could further master the project safety management system and sited safety
management method, and laid a foundation for improving the project site 公司总裁李叶青作项目研讨培训班开班讲话
Speech on the opening of the project seminar and
safety management. training course by Li Yeqing, president of the company
安全部长能力提升培训
Minister of security capacity enhancement training
公司组织实施安全部长能力提升项目共三期管理培训班，为各事业部/工厂
60多名安全部长、经理提供了现场培训和为期三个月的“一对一”辅导，为
公司安全可持续发展进程提供了强有力的人才支撑。
The company organized and implemented three management training courses
for the capacity improvement project of safety minister, which provided on-site
training and three-month "one-to-one" coaching for more than 60 safety
ministers and managers in each BU, providing strong talent support for the
公司首席安全官赵崇光作安全部长培训班开班讲话
company's safety and sustainable development process. Zhao Chongguang, chief safety officer of the company, “iSave”十条黄金规定宣传海报 “iSave”十条白银规定宣传海报
made a speech at the opening of the safety minister "ISave" 10 golden rules propaganda poster "ISave" 10 silver regulations propaganda poster
training class
其他人员能力提升培训
Other personnel ability enhancement training 2018年以来，公司全面推行“iSave”十条黄金规定的实施，各单位广大员工积极参与，全面掀起学习、
践行、应用十条黄金规定的热潮，为提升公司安全业绩起到了良好的促进作用。
Since 2018, the company has carried out the implementation of the 10 golden rules of "iSave" in an all-round
way, with the active participation of employees of all units, setting off an upsurge of learning, practicing and
公司分批次组织各事业部安全总监、部分工厂执总及安全部长等约70人至
applying the ten golden rules in an all-round way, which has played a good role in promoting the safety
3M上海研发中心、霍尼韦尔亚太区研发中心学习与交流，实地培训与体验安 performance of the company.
全产品的防护功能，进一步提升各级管理人员的安全能力。
In batches, the company organized about 70 employees, including safety
directors of each BU, chief executives of some plants and safety ministers, to
study and communicate with 3M Shanghai research and development center
and Honeywell Asia Pacific research and development center, trained and
experienced the protection function of safety products on the spot, and further 参观代表亲自体验霍尼韦尔高空坠落测试塔
Visitors can experience the Honeywell falling tower in person
improved the safety ability of managers at all levels.
40 / 41
2018企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 安全履责 Social responsibilities performance in safety
大力开展一级安全生产标准化创建工作 安全审计
Vigorously carried out the establishment of standardization Safety audit
of safety production at the first level
2018年，公司组织完成25家工厂的集团安全审计，并在各事业部选定6家已
2018年，公司大力开展一级安全生产标准化创建工作，推进各单位持续强
审计的工厂开展了“回头看”工作，确保审计整改措施得到有效的落实。开
化安全责任的落实，通过全员参与，建立健全安全管理体系，全面管控安全
展了针对小型工厂的“世界级”安全体系的建立和评审，并创建了4家混凝土
生产工作，实现了安全管理系统化、岗位操作规范化、设备设施本质化、作
样板工厂和3家环保样板工厂，同时对样板工厂进行了“世界级”安全审计，
业环境定置化，提高了公司本质安全管理水平，有效降低了事故的发生，最
系统性的改善了安全管理工作。
终实现企业安全达标。截止年底，公司已有18家工厂顺利通过了国家一级安
In 2018, the company organized and completed the group safety audit of 25
全生产标准化现场评审。
plants, and carried out "looking back" work in 6 audited plants selected by each
In 2018, the company vigorously carried out the first-level standardization of
BU to ensure the effective implementation of audit rectification measures. The
production safety, promoted the implementation of the continuous
establishment and review of "world- class" safety system for small plants were
strengthening of safety responsibilities of various units, established and
carried out, and 4 concrete model plants and 3 environmental model plants
improved the safety management system through the participation of all staff,
were established. Meanwhile, "world- class" safety audit was carried out for the
and comprehensively controlled the work of production safety, realized the
model plants, which systematically improved safety management.
systematization of safety management, standardization of post operation, the
essentialization of equipment and facilities, and the fixing of working
environment, and improved the intrinsic safety management water of the
company. Ping, effectively reduce the occurrence of accidents, and ultimately
achieve enterprise safety standards. By the end of the year, 18 plants of the
company had successfully passed the on-site evaluation of national level 职业健康与工业卫生工作
safety production standardization. Occupational health and industrial hygiene work
下图为一级安标创建成果展示
2018年，公司逐步建立和完善职业健康管理体系标准，从集团层面发布了两
The following picture shows the results of the establishment of
个与职业健康管理相关，四个与工业卫生相关的管理文件，一个医疗应急管
the first- level security standards.
理的文件，为各分子公司职业健康和工业卫生管理工作提供了统一的依据和
标准，同时积极为员工提供健康安全的工作环境。
In 2018, the company gradually established and improved the occupational
health management system standards, from the group level, it issued two
management documents related to occupational health management, four
management documents related to industrial health and one medical
整洁亮丽的工厂厂区 蓝天白云下的预热器 emergency management document, which provided a unified basis and
A tidy, shiny plant Preheater under blue sky and white clouds
standard for the occupational health and industrial health management of
various molecular companies, and actively provide employees with a healthy
and safe working environment.
规范整洁的人车分离系统 电气室定置化管理
Standard and clean separation system Electrical room localization management
42 / 43
2018企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 安全履责 Social responsibilities performance in safety
实例
业绩指标
Case Studies
Performance Indicators
公司启动“2018年健康安全月”活动
The company launched its " health and safety month 2018"campaign
安全生产投入情况（万元） 劳保用品投入情况（万元）
Safety investment (10 thousand RMB) PPE investment (10 thousand RMB)
30000 1800
1600
25000
1400
20000 1200
1000
15000
800
10000 600
400
5000
200
0
0
2016 2017 2018
2016 2017 2018
2018年5月，公司“2018年健康安全月”活动启动大会在华新学院举行，公司副总裁
刘凤山、首席安全官赵崇光，总部及分子公司员工等参加，黄石市安监局副局长鲁明
舫等应邀参会。2018年公司健康安全月活动主题是“生命至上，安全第一，每天从我
做起”，设置了“优秀组织奖”和“我的关键经验教训”竞赛优胜奖，对活动中涌现
的先进单位和个人进行表彰奖励，并通过公司内网、微信平台、华新报及安全培训等
百万工时损失事故率 工亡事故数据（人）
各种手段对活动中好的经验、做法及良好的实践进行大力宣传和推广，提高员工安全
Accident rate per million work hours Fatalities （person）
意识和自我防护能力，促进公司安全管理水平再上新台阶。
0.7 In May 2018, the launch meeting of the company's "2018 health and safety month"
7
activity was held in Hua Xin University. The company's vice President Fengshan Liu,
0.6
chief safety officer Chongguang Zhao, employees from the headquarters and affiliated
0.5 5 2 2
companies attended the meeting. In 2018 the company health and safety month activity
0.4
1 theme is "life first, safety first, starts from me every day", set up the "excellent
0.3 3
3 organization" and "my key lessons" competition first prize, the activities of the emerging
0.2 2 0
advanced honor rewards to units and individuals, and through the parent company
3
0.1 1 2 Intranet, micro letter platform, China and good experience in a variety of means such as
1
0 0 safety training on activities, practice and good practice in the publicity and promotion,
2016 2017 2018 2016 2017 2018
improve employee safety awareness and self-protection ability, promote the company's
safety management level to a new level.
44 / 45
2018企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 安全履责 Social responsibilities performance in safety
第五届国内外水泥行业安全生产技术交流会召开 会议上，公司首席安全官赵崇光作《PDCA领导力》报告。他围绕“plan（计划）、do（执行）、check（检查）、act（行
The fifth domestic and foreign cement industry safety production technology exchange meeting was held 动）”详细讲解，并对识别和管控健康安全风险以及持续改进等进行了实例分享，获得了参会人员的高度评价。
At the meeting, Zhao Chongguang, Chief Safety Officer of the company, made a report on PDCA Leadership. He elaborated on
"plan", "do", "check" and "act". He shared examples of identifying and controlling health and safety risks and continuous
11月27日至28日，第五届国内外水泥行业安全生产技术交 improvement. He was highly praised by the participants.
流会在重庆召开。应急管理部领导及专家，华新、中建
与会嘉宾实地参观了涪陵公司全自动水泥包装系统。该公司通过完善安全生产制度、全员参与、加大安全设施投入、强化安全
材、海螺等百余家水泥行业领导及安全管理人员，劳保用
培训、提升职业健康管理等通过水泥企业安全生产标准化国家一级企业评审。
品厂商等330余人出席大会，就水泥行业安全生产的现状及
The participants visited Fuling Company's fully automatic cement packaging system on the spot. Through improving the safety
先进经验等进行了精彩讨论和分享。其中，公司安全管理
production system, full participation, increasing investment in safety facilities, strengthening safety training and improving
经验分享及成果引发参会嘉宾的关注和好评。
occupational health management, the company passed the national first-level enterprise evaluation of safety production
On November 27th- 28th, the 5th domestic and foreign
standardization in cement enterprises.
cement industry safety production technology exchange
meeting was held in Chong Qing. Leaders and experts of the
会议期间，来自应急管理部、重庆市委党校应急管理培训中心、与会水泥企业和劳保企业等的专家和安全管理人员，进行了安
emergency management department, leaders and safety management personnel of more than one hundred cement industry such
全管理方面的经验交流及安全技术和环保技术方面的研讨。会议还对征集到的有关安全生产管理、安全生产技术、其他安全生
as Hua Xin, building materials of china and conch, more than 330 people including labor protection supplies manufacturers attended
the conference, and had a wonderful discussion and sharing on the status quo and advanced experience of safe production in the 产辅助设施和装备等方面的优秀论文获奖者进行颁奖。公司员工陆斌、姚志林、杨俊杰等获奖。
cement industry. Among them, the company's safety management experience sharing and results triggered the attention and During the meeting, experts and safety managers from the Ministry of Emergency Management, the Emergency Management
praise of the participants. Training Center of the Party School of Chongqing Municipal Party Committee, the participating cement enterprises and labor
insurance enterprises exchanged experiences in safety management and discussed safety technology and environmental
此次会议由中国建材检验认证集团股份有限公司、首都科技条件平台中国建材集团研发实验服务基地主办，华新承办，主题为 protection technology. The conference also awarded awards for outstanding papers on safety production management, safety
production technology, other safety production auxiliary facilities and equipment. Company employees Lu Bin, Yao Zhilin, Yang
“践行安全发展，助力和谐社会”，旨在搭建企业间沟通与交流的桥梁，帮助水泥企业及时了解掌握国家政策方向，促进水泥
Junjie and others won the prize.
企业实现科学、绿色、健康、安全发展，促进我国水泥行业安全生产技术整体迈向更高水平。
The conference was sponsored by China Building Material Inspection and Certification Group Co., Ltd. and China Building Material
Research and Development Laboratory Service Base of Capital Science and Technology Platform. It was sponsored by Huaxin,
with the theme of "Practicing Safe Development and Promoting Harmonious Society". The purpose of the conference was to build a
“一级安标”评审再传捷报 桑植、襄城、华湘环保公司达标
bridge for communication and exchange among enterprises, to help cement enterprises understand and grasp the direction of
national policies in time, and to promote cement enterprises to realize science,green, healthy and safe development would promote The "level 1 safety standard" evaluation successed again to Sang Zhi, Xiang Cheng and Hua Xiang
the overall production safety technology of cement industry to a higher level. environmental protection company
公司党委副书记、副总裁刘凤山在致辞中表示，安全生产是企业发展的“生命线”，华新在企业转型发展的同时，始终秉承
“安全第一”的核心价值观，近年来通过进一步建立健全健康与安全管理体系，推进全员参与安全改进计划，大力开展一级安
截至2018年10月下旬，公司安全标准化一级创建工作稳步推进，桑植、襄城、华湘环保公
全生产标准化创建等，持续提高了企业的安全管理水平。
司先后通过中国建材检验认证集团股份有限公司组织的国家安全生产标准化一级企业评
In his speech, Liu Fengshan, deputy secretary and vice president of the Party Committee of the company, said that safety
审。为了推进安全标准化创建工作，桑植、襄城、华湘环保公司按照评定标准，通过建立
production is the "lifeline" of enterprise development. While transforming and developing the enterprise, Huaxin always upheld the
core value of "safety first". In recent years, through further establishing and improving the health and safety management system, 健全安全生产责任制，完善安全管理制度和操作规程，深入开展隐患排查，建立预防机
promoting the participation of security personnel in safety improvement plans, vigorously launching the first-level standardization of 制，规范生产行为，有力地促进和改善了企业安全生产工作，现场安全状况得到根本性的
safety production construction, etc. has continuously improved the safety management level of enterprises. 改观，安全生产规范化建设取得成效。
As of the end of October 2018, the company has made steady progress in the establishment
应急管理部安全生产执法局局长马锐致辞。他表示，安全生产是企业核心竞争力，各企业要努力建立一把手亲自抓、全员参 of safety standardization level 1. Sang Zhi, Xiang Cheng and Hua Xiang environmental
与、岗位达标的安全管理体系。他对华新近年来持续完善的健康与安全管理体系给予肯定。 protection company have passed the national safety production standardization level 1 enterprise evaluation organized by China
Ma Rui, Director of Safety Production Law Enforcement Bureau, Emergency Management Department, delivered a speech. He building materials inspection and certification group co., LTD. In order to promote the establishment of safety standardization,
said that safety in production is the core competitiveness of enterprises, enterprises should strive to establish a first-hand, full Sangzhi, Xiangcheng and Huaxiang Environmental Protection Company, according to the evaluation criteria, has established and
participation, post standards of safety management system. He affirmed Huaxin's continuous and perfect health and safety improved the responsibility system for safety production, perfected the safety management system and operating rules, carried out
management system in recent years. in-depth investigation of hidden dangers, established prevention mechanism, standardized production behavior, effectively
promoted and improved the work of safety production in enterprises, and fundamentally improved the safety situation on site.
Effectiveness has been achieved in the standardization of production safety.
46 / 47
2018企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 员工发展 Staff Development
培训与发展
Training and Development
公司针对不同层级、不同类型员工开展多样化、差异化培训，持续提升了公司核心竞争力，并首次开展内
部培训师的认证工作，有效推动了公司学习型组织的构建。
The company carried out diversified and differentiated training for different levels and types of employees,
continuously improving the company's core competitiveness, and conducted the certification of internal trainers
for the first time, effectively promoting the construction of the company's learning organization.
06
管理培训
员工发展
Management training
Staff Development
公司持续开展领导力发展项目，公司高管参加了LH组织的高级领导力课程，同时公司内部分别面对公司核
心管理人员、具有丰富管理经验的中层管理人员和一线经理人，组织开展Mini-MBA、高级管理培训和中级
管理培训3个培训项目，提升各级管理人员的领导力，实现从“自身做事”到“带队伍做事”、从“管理”
到“领导”的转变，共计106名学员参加了培训。公司开展导师计划项目，李叶青总裁和公司全体高管担任
“导师计划”的导师、来自总部和事业部及分子公司的20名高级管理人员作为学员参与了该项目，在导师和
我们遵循人才成长规律，不断完善员工培训发展体系，努力提升员工薪
学员之间建立起基于信任的双向学习型关系。组织开展新员工入职/转岗培训，对总部新入职/转岗员工分批
酬标准和福利待遇，加强工会创新建设，切实服务员工群众，为助力企
进行企业文化、管理制度、业务流程、职业健康与安全等专题培训，共计40名学员参加。持续开展在线管理
业发展凝心聚力。 课程和在线英语培训，全年总计7313人次参加了在线管理课程的培训、240人次参加了在线英语的培训。
We follow the law of talent growth, constantly improve the The company continued to carry out leadership development projects. The senior executives of the company
participated in the senior leadership courses organized by LH. At the same time, facing the core managers,
employee training and development system, and strive to improve
middle managers with rich management experience and front-line managers, the company organized three
employee compensation standards and welfare treatment, training projects, Mini-MBA, senior management training and intermediate management training, to enhance
the leadership of managers at all levels. A total of 106 trainees participated in the training from "doing things by
strengthen the innovation and construction of trade unions, and
themselves" to "doing things with teams" and from "management" to "leadership". The company carried out the
effectively serve the masses of employees, in order to facilitate
mentor plan project. President Li Yeqing and all the senior executives of the company acted as mentors of the
the development of enterprise cohesion. "mentor plan". 20 senior managers from headquarters, departments and subsidiaries participate in the project
as trainees, and established a trust-based two-way learning relationship between mentors and trainees. We
organized and carried out induction/transfer training for new employees, and trained them in batches on
corporate culture, management system, business process, occupational health and safety. A total of 40
trainees participated. Continuous development of online management courses and online English training, a
total of 7313 people participated in online management courses throughout the year, 240 people participated in
online English training.
48 / 49
2018企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 员工发展 Staff Development
技术培训 财务培训
Technical training Financial training
公司组织开展财务系统人员“涅槃培养计划”系列培训，根据财务人员能力评估结果，针对“财务报表阅
公司开展水泥制造课程、工艺工程师、预防性维修工程师、机械工程师、电气仪表自动化工程师、润滑工程
读与分析”、“经营财务分析”、“预测和计划”、“资本支出管理”和“税收筹划”5个专业能力项开
师、质量工程师、培训师、初/中/高级机维修工、润滑工及焊工、班组长培训；开展联轴器中心线找正、生
展6期相应主题的培训课程，通过现场+视频的方式，来自总部、事业部和分子公司的财务人员共计
产转维修、低压变频器等多个专项培训，同时开展了维修岗位钳工、焊工、电仪工技能竞赛活动等，全年共
750余人次参加了培训，进一步推动了公司财务人员职能转型、促进了专业能力的提升。
培训4670人次、培训时间达到396天，进一步提升了广大员工的专业技术理论知识与实践操作技能水平。
The company organized and developed a series of training courses on "Nirvana Training Plan" for financial
The company carried out training for cement manufacturing courses, process engineers, preventive
system personnel. According to the evaluation results of financial personnel's abilities, six training courses on
maintenance engineers, mechanical engineers, electrical instrument automation engineers, lubrication
the corresponding topics were conducted for five professional competencies: reading and analysis of
engineers, quality engineers, trainers, junior/middle/senior machine repairmen, lubricators and welders, team
financial statements, business financial analysis, prediction and planning, capital expenditure management
leaders, etc. It also carried out special training for the alignment of coupling centerline, production conversion
and tax planning. The courses were based on on on-site + video. Over 750 financial personnel from
maintenance, low-voltage frequency converter and so on. The skills competition activities of fitters, welders and
headquarters, business departments and subsidiaries participated in the training, which further promoted the
electricians in maintenance posts were carried out. A total of 4670 people were trained and the training time
transformation of financial staff functions and the promotion of professional competence.
reached 396 days, which further improved the professional and technical theoretical knowledge and practical
operation skills of the employee.
内训师认证
Internal trainer certification
营销及采购培训
首次在全公司范围内组织开展技术、营销、采购和安全专业资深培训师和首席培训师的选拔和认证工作，
Marketing and purchasing training
来自总部、事业部和分子公司的224名培训师被认证为资深培训师、21名培训师被认证为首席培训师，进
一步规范管理和有效激励公司内部培训师，推动公司学习型组织的构建。
Training teacher certification for the first time in the company-wide organization to carry out the technical,
公司组织开展“市场部经理菁英特训营”、“营销片区总经理雏鹰培养计划”、 “分销系统”推广、价格
marketing, procurement and safety professional senior trainers and chief trainer selection and certification
体系、价格管理系统、重点项目开发运行管理及风险控制等相关培训，全年共计开展培训40余场，超过
work, from the headquarters, BU and plant 224, certified trainer for senior trainer, was 21 trainer certification
1400人次参加了培训，进一步提升了公司营销人员的专业知识和综合素质水平。持续开展采购专业知识培
to chief trainer, further standardize the management and effective incentive internal trainer, drive the
训，围绕商品维度、组织维度、供应商管理、市场管理、合同管理等主题，累计开展2期培训，共计82人次 construction of a learning organization.
参加培训。
The company organized and developed related training such as "Marketing Manager Elite Training Camp",
"Marketing Area General Manager Eagle Training Plan", "Distribution System", "Promotion of Price System",
"Price Management System", "Key Project Development Operation Management" and "Risk Control". Over 40
training sessions have been conducted throughout the year, and more than 1400 people have participated in
the training, which further improved the professional knowledge of the company's marketing personnel
knowledge and comprehensive quality level. We continued to develop procurement professional knowledge
training, around the commodity dimension, organizational dimension, supplier management, market
management, contract management and other topics, a total of two training sessions, a total of 82 employee
participated in the training.
50 / 51
2018企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 员工发展 Staff Development
福利与关怀
Welfare and care
业绩指标
Performance Indicators
薪酬福利
Salary and welfare
为持续提升员工的敬业度，增强公司以业绩为导向的薪酬激励性，对标市场提高公司整体薪酬的外部竞争性，公司根据上年度的经营
员工总人数
业绩，并结合员工综合评价排序情况进行年度薪酬调整，同时努力提高员工福利待遇。 Total number of employees
In order to continuously improve employee engagement, enhance the performance-oriented salary incentive of the company, and improve the
external competitiveness of the overall salary of the company in the standard market, the company adjusted the annual salary according to the
business performance of the previous year and combined with the ranking of the comprehensive evaluation of employees, and at the same
time made efforts to improve employee welfare treatment. 18000
员工关怀
16000
Employees care
14000
为切实做好困难员工帮扶工作，公司工会以开展工会特困帮扶“1+1”活动为切入点，通过系统梳理、摸底，切实掌握公司困难员工实
际情况，并根据员工困难程度，进行帮扶“1+1结对”，逐步建立可持续、实时跟踪动态化的帮扶管理机制，全年共成功结对51对，
做到“一户一策”，通过有的放矢制定可行、有效的帮扶措施及开展帮扶工作，切实帮助困难员工逐步脱贫脱困。 12000
为进一步提高员工休养工作服务水平，公司工会重新梳理编制了公司员工休养管理制度，明确了休养活动的参加对象、行程安排及休
养中心管理工作流程，加快推进昆明员工休养基地项目的建设，并在7月正式投入使用，让员工切实感受到了公司的关怀和温暖。
0
In order to do a good job in helping the difficult employees, the company's trade union took the "1+1" activity as the breakthrough point, combs
2016 2017 2018
and explores systematically to grasp the actual situation of the difficult employees in the company, and carried out "1+1 pairing" according to the
difficulty degree of the employees, and gradually established a sustainable, real-time and dynamic support management mechanism, which has
successfully paired 51 pairs throughout the year. To "one household, one policy", through targeted formulation of feasible and effective
measures to help and carry out support work, effectively help the poor employees gradually out of poverty.
In order to further improve the level of employees for services, the company union reframe compiled the company staff recreation management
system, has been clear about the object and schedule of the recreation activities and recreation center management process, accelerate the 华新员工性别比例 华新员工学历组成
Gender ratio of employees Education background structure of Hua Xin employees
Kun Ming staff recuperation base construction of the project, and formally put into use in July, let employees feel the company's care and
warmth.
23.2% 2491
竞赛和文体活动
167
Competitions and recreational and sports activities 76.8% 13746
公司开展“争创十佳能手”劳动竞赛、维修岗位（钳工、焊工、电仪工）职业技能竞赛、企业文化知识竞赛等活动，进一步激发了劳动
热情，提高了员工岗位素质和专业技能，同时开展员工喜闻乐见的文体活动，丰富了员工业余文化生活，进一步增强了企业凝聚力。 大专及以下 本科 硕士及以上
College and below Undergraduate Master and above
The company carried out such activities as "striving for the top 10 talents" labor competition, professional skill competition for maintenance posts
(fitters, welders, electricians) and enterprise culture knowledge competition, which further stimulated labor enthusiasm, improved the quality and
professional skills of employees. At the same time, it carried out cultural and sports activities which employees like to enjoy, enriching their amateur
cultural life and further strengthening the cohesion of enterprises.
52 / 53
2018企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 员工发展 Staff Development
实例
华新“争创十佳能手”劳动竞赛
Case Studies
Huaxin labor competition for "top 10 talents"
高级管理培训（Ⅵ期） 中级管理培训（Ⅶ期）
Advanced Management Intermediate Management
Training (VI period) Training (Phase VII)
2018年4月领导力发展的高级管理培训和中级管理培训项目相继启动，公司领导梅向福和叶家兴分别出席了2个项目的开学典礼
并致辞。11月16日，公司总裁李叶青出席高级管理培训项目的结业典礼并现场答疑。
In April 2018, senior management training and intermediate management training projects for leadership development were
launched one after another. Leaders Mei Xiangfu and Ye Jiaxing attended the opening ceremonies of two projects and delivered
speeches. On November 16, President Li Yeqing attended the closing ceremony of the Senior Management Training Project and
answered questions on the spot.
2018年公司开展导师计划项目，公司全体高管担任“导师计划”的导师, 公司助
理副总裁罗焘在启动会议上讲话。
In 2018, the company launched the mentor program, and all the company's
executives served as the mentors of the "mentor program", assistant vice
President Luo Tao spoke at the launch meeting.
为深入贯彻公司关于持续推进争创十佳能手劳动竞赛活动的要求，进一步激发调动全体员工全力以赴创业绩的工作热情，大力
营造“比、学、赶、帮、超”的浓厚氛围，公司工会持续开展以评选“十佳技术能手”、“十佳操作能手”、“十佳点子
王”、“十佳销售能手”、“十佳管理能手”为主要内容的“争创十佳能手”劳动竞赛活动。共计16000余名员工参加了竞
赛，共征集、分享各类“金点子”974条，实施各类技术改造、管理创新项目70余项，成效显著，为促进公司生产经营管理再
创佳绩，发挥了积极作用。
In order to further implement the company's requirements for continuing to push forward the labor competition activities for the top
市场部经理菁英特训营 营销总经理雏鹰培养计划 10 talents, further arouse the enthusiasm of all employees to devote all their efforts to entrepreneurial performance, and vigorously
Marketing Manager Marketing General Manager
Elite Training Camp Young Eagle Training Program create a strong atmosphere of "comparison, learning, catching up, helping and exceeding", the company's trade unions continued
to carry out the selection of "top 10 technologists", "top 10 operators", "top 10 ideas" and "top 10 sales" skills and Top 10
2018年, 公司相继启动市场部经理菁英特训营和营销总经理雏鹰培养计划等重点培训项目，公司领导李叶青、刘云霞和罗焘出 Management Skills as the main content of the "Top 10 Skills" labor competition activities. A total of more than 16,000 employees
席开学典礼并致辞。 participated in the competition, collecting and sharing 974 "golden ideas" and implementing more than 70 projects of technological
In 2018, the company launched key training projects such as marketing manager's elite special training camp and marketing transformation and management innovation, which achieved remarkable results and played a positive role in promoting the
general manager's Eagle training program. Leaders Li Yeqing, Liu Yunxia and Luotao attended the opening ceremony and company's production, operation and management to achieve better results.
delivered speeches.
54 / 55
2018企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 员工发展 Staff Development
公司开展2018年维修岗位职业技能竞赛活动 On December 21, the 2018 Huaxin Enterprise Culture Knowledge
The company held professional skills competition for maintenance positions in 2018 Competition, which lasted for nearly three months, came to a successful
conclusion. In the final of the day, after fierce competition, layers of
elimination and final confrontation, the team of Divi Company won the
championship. The company leaders Li Yeqing, Peng Qingyu, Wang
Ximing, Mei Xiangfu, Zhao Chongguang, Luotao, Ye Jiaxing, Zhang Lin
and so on watched the finals on the spot. Kong Xiangzhong, executive
冠、亚军颁奖现场 vice president of China Cement Association, was invited to attend the
Crown and Runner- up Awards Presentation Site
finals and presented awards to the winners together with the company
leaders.
In order to promote the culture of Huaxin Cement Company for 100 years, further implement and implement the Employee Manual
and ISave 10 Golden Rules, unify the behavior norms of employees, the company's trade unions jointly organized the competition
of enterprise culture knowledge with the departments of public affairs, human resources, safety and discipline committee. Since its
维修岗位焊工、钳工、电仪工技能大赛 launch in September, the Organizing Committee of the competition has carefully planned and carefully deployed, and various units
Maintenance post welder, fitter, electrician skill competition
have responded positively and mobilized extensively. Through online and offline knowledge competition and answering activities, it
has set off an upsurge of the whole staff learning enterprise culture.
为进一步聚焦重点岗位员工技能提升，动员引导广大员工立足岗位学知识、练技术、强技能，不断提升岗位技能水平和综合素
质，公司工会组织开展了以“学知识、强技能、当能手”为主题的维修岗位（钳工、焊工、电仪工）职业技能竞赛活动。此次
竞赛是公司维修岗位近年来第一次举办的大型专项技能竞赛，历时2个多月，竞赛分为网上学习答题、区域初赛和总部决赛三个
公司组织开展2018年度“华新杯”员工羽毛球锦标赛活动
阶段进行，共有1434名维修岗位人员参加了此次竞赛。通过此次比赛，为公司选拔了一大批有知识、有技术的一线维修岗位人
The company organized and carried out the 2018 "Huaxin Cup" staff badminton championship
才，并在公司内掀起了学技术、练技能、强本领的热潮。
To further focus on the key job employee skills upgrading, mobilization of lead all staff based on post knowledge, practice and
technical skills, strong, constantly enhance the level of job skills and comprehensive quality, the company union carried out in order
to "learn the knowledge, skills, when experts" as the theme of maintenance jobs (fitter, welding, all workers) vocational skills
competitions. This competition is the first large-scale special skills competition held by the company for maintenance positions in
recent years. It lasted for more than two months, and the competition was divided into three stages: online learning and answering
questions, regional preliminary contest and headquarters final contest. A total of 1,434 maintenance personnel participated in this
competition. Through this competition, a large number of knowledgeable and skilled front-line maintenance personnel have been
selected for the company, and a wave of learning technology, training skills and strong skills has been set off in the company.
总部获得亚军
装备公司获得冠军 总部获得亚军
Yunnan Business Department and Huang Shi
Equipment Company won the championship Headquarters won the runner-up
Company won the third place
公司首届企业文化知识竞赛落幕 掀起全员学企业文化新高潮
The first corporate culture knowledge competition of the company ended and set off a new 为丰富广大员工的业余文化生活，营造和谐奋进、昂扬向上的企业文化氛围，今年公司工会按照群众性活动原则，组织开展了
upsurge of corporate culture for all employees 2018年度“华新杯”员工羽毛球锦标赛活动，比赛以工厂单位进行组队，分为工厂选拔赛、区域淘汰赛、总决赛三个阶段，共
有66支队伍近700余名员工参加了比赛，经过层层选拔淘汰，最终20支球队脱颖而出晋级总决赛。近年来，公司工会通过持续
开展“华新杯”系列员工文体活动，进一步增进了各单位及员工间的沟通交流，营造了和谐团结的文化氛围。
12月21日，历经近3个月的2018年华新企业文化知识竞赛圆满落幕。在当天的决赛中，8支代表队经过激烈角逐、层层淘汰与 To enrich the amateur cultural life, build harmonious progress, vigorous enterprise culture atmosphere, this year the company in
最终对决，地维公司代表队喜获冠军。公司领导李叶青、彭清宇、王锡明、梅向福、赵崇光、罗焘、叶家兴、张林等现场观看 accordance with the principle of mass activities of trade unions, organized a 2018 annual " Huaxin Cup" badminton tournament,
了决赛，中国水泥协会常务副会长孔祥忠也应邀出席并与公司领导一道为获奖者颁奖。 game team in the plant, divided into three factory audition, regional knockout, the finals stage, a total of 66 teams in nearly more
为弘扬华新百年企业文化，进一步贯彻和落实《员工手册》和《iSave十条黄金规定》，统一员工行为规范，公司工会联合公共 than 700 employees took part in the game, through layers of screening out, eventually 20 teams stand out from the advance to the
finals. In recent years, the trade union of the company has continued to carry out "Huaxin Cup" series of staff recreational and
事务、人力资源、安全、纪委等部门组织开展企业文化知识竞赛。自9月启动以来，竞赛组委会精心策划、周密部署，各单位积
sports activities to further enhance the communication between units and employees, and created a harmonious and united cultural
极响应、广泛动员，通过线上和线下的知识竞答活动，掀起了全员学习企业文化的热潮。
atmosphere.
56 / 57
2018企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 服务社会 Serving the Society
产品与服务
Products and Services
为用户提供满意的产品和服务
Provide users with satisfactory products and services
07
公司严格按照国家质量管理规程及相关法律法规的要求，建立了一整套完善的质量管理体系，包括进厂原燃材料质量的管理、
生产过程质量管控、出厂产品质量控制管理、客户服务管理、化验室标准化管理等制度。严格按照质量管理体系文件的要求，
服务社会
从原燃材料进厂到水泥出厂，由生产基地质量部24小时对每个生产环节实施质量管控，工厂均通过了ISO9000质量体系认证和
化验室认证。工厂严格执行化验室检测对比制度、确保检测数据的准确性，2018年有41家分子公司在全国水泥化学分析大对比
Serving the Society 中获奖。通过精细化质量管理，公司产品较好地满足了客户需要，所有产品均按产品质量认证要求通过国家权威机构认证，
2018年本公司未发生重大质量事故。
Strictly abiding by national quality control instructions as well as relevant laws and regulations, the company has established a
complete quality management system, including the management of the quality of the raw materials and fuel entering the plant, the
quality control of the production process, the quality control of the manufactured products, the customer service management, and
the standardized management of the laboratory. Strictly in accordance with the requirements of the quality management system
documents, from the raw materials entering the factory to the cement out of the plant, quality control department of the plant
implemented quality control for each production link in 24 hours. All the plants have achieved the ISO9000 quality system
certification and laboratory certification. The plants strictly implemented the laboratory inspection and comparison system to ensure
在实现公司业绩迅速增长的同时，我们不忘回报社会，一方面为用户提供满意的产品
the accuracy of the test data. In 2018, there were 41 plants rewarded in the national cement chemical analysis. Through refined
和服务，聚焦客户需求和体验，一方面践行企业社会责任，助力社会和谐发展。
quality management, the company's products met the needs of customers well. All products are certified by the national authority
We do not forget to repay the society while realizing the rapid growth of the according to the requirements of product quality certification. No major quality accidents occurred in 2018.
company's performance, we provide satisfactory products & services, and
公司制订了一系列质量管理考核制度，对工厂质量KPI进行严密管控。包括质量管理规程实施细则、原材料管理规定、市场产品
focus on customer needs & experience on the one hand, practicing corporate
抽检管理制度、助磨剂应用质量管理规程、质量事故管理制度等。
social responsibility, and helping the harmonious development of society on The company has formulated a series of quality management assessment system, which tightly controlled the quality KPI of the
plant. Including the implementation rules of quality management regulations, raw material management regulations, market product
the other hand.
sampling management system, grinding aids application quality management regulations, quality accident management system,
etc.
公司建立了专业的信息化管理系统服务于质量管理，将互联网+技术较好地应用到了水泥生产的全过程质量管理，生产及质量人
员可以迅速而准确地获取质量信息，精准实施质量控制管理。公司还推广使用PGNNA在线分析仪等高新技术用于生产质量控
制，利于提高产品稳定性。为满足部分客户的需要，近几年专门针对装修用途开发了精品家装水泥“华新师傅”，投放市场后
58 / 59
2018企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 服务社会 Serving the Society
扶贫及公益
Poverty alleviation and public welfare
获得客户普遍好评。
The company set up a professional information management system to serve quality management; “Internet plus”
technology were applied to the quality management of the whole process of cement production. Production and quality
精准扶贫
personnel could obtain quality information quickly and accurately, and implement quality control management precisely.
Targeted poverty alleviation
The company also promoted PGNNA online analyzer and other high-tech for production quality control, which was
conducive to improving product stability. In order to meet the needs of some customers, especially for decoration
purposes, we have developed high-quality household decoration cement "Huaxin Master", which has been widely praised
by customers. 为全面贯彻落实中央关于扶贫开发的重要指示精神，履行好企业社会责任，公司成立了以李叶青总裁为组长、刘凤山副总
裁为副组长的精准扶贫工作领导小组，负责精准扶贫工作总体领导和指导，按照“总部指导、事业部督导、工厂实施”的
本公司产品被广泛应用于多个国家重点工程，2018年中标赤壁长江大桥、功东高速公路、宜昭高速、巴塘（拉哇）水 原则全面组织开展精准扶贫工作。
电站、苏哇龙水电站、个元高速、华丽高速、巴塘电站等20多个大型重点工程项目。 In order to fully implement the important directive spirit of the Central Committee on poverty alleviation, and fulfill corporate
Our products ware widely used in many national key projects. In 2018, we won the bid for Chibi Yangtze River Bridge, social responsibility, the Company set up a leader group on targeted poverty alleviation, headed by CEO Li Yeqing and Vice-
Gongshan-Dongchuan Expressway, Yichang-Zhaojun Expressway, Batang Hydropower Station, Suwalong Hydropower President Liu Fengshan. The group was responsible for overall leadership and guidance of targeted poverty alleviation, and
Station, Gejiu-Yuanyang Expressway, Huaping-Lijiang Expressway, Batang Hydropower Station and more than 20 large organized targeted poverty alleviation according to the principles of “guided by headquarters, supervised by BU,
key projects. implemented by plant”.
公司下发相关通知，在全公司内开展精准扶贫、脱贫攻坚活动，并制定了精准扶贫规划：一是按照“政府主导、社会参
与、自力更生、开发扶贫”的方针，重点帮扶贫困村庄的道路硬化、危房修缮、水利设施、矿山修复帮扶贫困村基础设施
聚焦客户需求和体验 建设；二是因地制宜，保障精准扶贫易地搬迁工程项目的低价水泥供应；三是结对到村到户，实施残疾人、农村孤儿和留
Focus on customer needs and experiences 守儿童等贫困人员的保障帮扶；四是积极参与贫困地区教育发展水平和人力资源开发帮扶；五是积极开展转移就业扶贫，
在有条件的分子公司吸纳贫困帮扶对象进厂务工和职业技能培训；六是积极推进“救急难”工作，开展临时救助活动，对
因病、因灾、因残等支出型特殊原因致贫的困难家庭实施临时特别救助，助其渡过难关。
The company issued relevant announcements, formulated targeted poverty alleviation planning and carried out poverty
2018年，公司始终坚持以“聚焦客户为目标”，在客户体验上，深度优化“华新商城”，推广“分销系统”，并强化
alleviation activities throughout the company. First, according to the policy of "government-led, social participation, self-
客户端功能，构建“互联网+”的营销生态圈，提升客户购买便捷性；在营销管理上，强化基础营销管理，规范营销业
reliance, development and poverty alleviation", it focused on helping poor villages with road hardening, dangerous houses
务运作，净化内部管理环境，提升服务水平；在差异化产品上，持续巩固武汉、重庆等精品家装市场的领先地位，推
repairing, water conservancy facilities, mine restoration to help poor villages with infrastructure construction; second,
广民用结构水泥和托盘化项目，进一步提升市场竞争力。公司根据自身技术优势，拓展新材料业务，新增腻子粉、瓷
adaptation to local conditions, ensured the supply of low price cement for targeted poverty alleviation relocation projects; third,
砖胶、防渗宝等产品，以更加丰富的产品，满足客户需求。
went into the village to help disabled, rural orphans, left-behind children and other poor people; fourth, actively participated in
In 2018, the company always adhered to the goal of "customer-centric", on the customer experience, deeply optimized the
the development of education and human resources development in poor areas; fifth, actively helped them to find jobs in the
"Huaxin mall", promoted the "distribution system", and strengthened the client function, built the "Internet plus" marketing
plant and get vocational skills training. Sixthly, actively promoted "emergency help", and carried out temporary help activities,
ecosystem, improved customer convenience. On marketing management, strengthened the basic marketing
provided temporary special help to needy families who were poor due to special reasons such as illness, disaster and
management, standardized the marketing operation and purified the internal management environment in marketing
disability, to help them overcome difficulties.
management. On differentiated products, continued to consolidate the leading position of high-quality household
decoration market in Wuhan, Chongqing and other areas, promoted civil structural cement and palletization projects, and 2018年，公司精准扶贫活动合并投入1483.11万元，其中现金634.75万元、捐赠物资折款848.37万元，帮助建档立卡贫
further enhanced market competitiveness. According to own technological advantages, the company expanded new
困人口脱贫数6356人。
material business and developed new products, such as skim coating, tile fixing, waterproofing and other products to meet
In 2018, the company invested 14.8311 million yuan in targeted poverty alleviation, with a cash value of 6.3475 million yuan
the needs of customers with more abundant products.
and a donation of 8.4837 million yuan that helped 6356 poor people out of poverty.
60 / 61
2018企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 服务社会 Serving the Society
志愿者活动 实例
Volunteer activity
Case Studies
为不断巩固和提升公司形象，实践“为所有利益相关方创造财富和价值”的企业社会责任价值观，促进企业和周边社
区的友爱和进步, 2018年, 公司开展了“奉献、友爱、互助、进步” 为主题的志愿者活动。通过广大员工自愿参与志
愿者活动，促进了企业和周边社区的和谐发展，提升了企业社会形象和影响力，推动了公司的可持续发展。
41家分子公司在全国水泥化学分析大对比中获奖
In order to continuously consolidate and enhance the company's image, and practice the corporate social responsibility
41 plants won awards in national cement chemistry analysis
values of “creating wealth and value for all stakeholders”, and promote the friendship and progress of enterprises and
surrounding communities, in 2018, the company carried out volunteer activities of “dedication, friendship, mutual
assistance and progress”. Through the voluntary participation of employees in the volunteer activities, the harmonious
development of the company and surrounding communities has been promoted, the corporate social image and influence
2018年10月，国家水泥质量监督检验中心发布了“弘朝科技杯”全国第十六次水泥化
have been enhanced, and the company's sustainable development has been promoted.
学分析大对比获奖名单，公司旗下参赛的41家分子公司斩获多项殊荣。
In October 2018, the National Cement Quality Supervision and Inspection Center released
the 16th National Cement Chemical Analysis Awards List, there were 41 Huaxin plants
2018年社会公益活动捐赠情况
participated and won many awards.
Donations at Social Welfare Activities in 2018
本次大对比是由国家水泥质量监督检测中心在全国范围内开展的水泥品质检验最高级别
的比赛，代表着水泥行业最高检验技术标准。公司各单位高度重视，收到样品后召开研
单位：万元 讨会，严格按照规定时间节点组织相关人员精心试验，并及时反馈试验结果。经过前期
Unit: 10 thousand RMB
的数据填报和分析对比，公司旗下参赛的41家分子公司脱颖而出，分析数据均在允许误
物资折合人民币 差范围内。其中，襄阳、恩施、丽江、西藏、郧县公司荣获“全优奖”；秭归、信阳、
类别 捐款金额人民币 Goods and materials 合计人民币
type Cash Donation convert into cash Total 黄石、渠县、随州、东骏、武穴、道县、恩平、阳新、涪陵、襄城、景洪、地维、房
(RMB) (converted into RMB) (RMB)
县、郴州、冷水江、长阳、红河、东川、水城、参天、日喀则公司荣获“优良奖”；盐
社 区
井、剑川、赤壁、顶效、宜昌、昭通、桑植、富民、麻城、万源、云龙、鹤峰、临沧公
Community 17.27 115.96 133.23
司荣获“全合格奖”。
This nationwide competition was the highest level of cement quality inspection conducted
捐资助学
Help develop the 22.85 6.12 28.97 by the National Cement Quality Supervision and Inspection Center, representing the
education
highest inspection technical standards in the cement industry. All the plants paid high
attention to this competition after receiving the samples. The plants organized the relevant
扶贫帮困
Help and support 65.47 77.03 142.5 personnel to carefully test according to the specified time, and fed back the test results in
the poor
time. After the preliminary data filing and analysis comparison, 41 plants won rewards and
组织个人捐赠 the analysis data were within the allowable error range. Xiangyang, Enshi, Lijiang, Tibet,
Organize individual 39.86 —— 39.86
and Yunxian plants won the "Excellent Award"; Zigui, Xinyang, Huangshi, Quxian,
donations
Suizhou, Dongjun, Wuxue, Daoxian, Enping, Yangxin, Fuling, Xiangcheng, Jing Hong,
支援灾区建设
Support the construction Diwei, Fangxian, Chenzhou, Lengshuijiang, Changyang, Honghe, Dongchuan, Shuicheng,
2 206.7 208.7
of disaster areas
Cantian and Shigatse plants won the “Good Awards”; Yanjing, Jianchuan, Chibi,
合计 Dingxiao, Yichang, Zhaotong, Sangzhi, Fumin , Macheng, Wanyuan, Yunlong, Hefeng
553.26
Total
and Lincang won the “Qualified Award”.
62 / 63
2018企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 服务社会 Serving the Society
李叶青等人大代表走访阳新县贫困村助力精准扶贫 迪庆公司开展2018年精准扶贫技能培训
Li Yeqing and other NPC deputies visited poverty villages in Yangxin County to help targeted Diqing plant carried out 2018 targeted poverty alleviation skills training
poverty alleviation
根据省人大常委会“聚力脱贫攻坚、人大代表在行动”现场推进会会 为进一步助力推动上江乡脱贫攻坚工作，实现香格里拉市委市政府提
议精神和市、县人大有关要求，结合全年“代表行动”的整体部署， 出的“百企帮百村，政企联动，打赢脱贫攻坚战”的号召，迪庆公司
11月1日上午，公司总裁李叶青作为湖北省人大代表，与阳新县县长 联合迪庆州总工会，香格里拉市劳动和社会保障局、上江乡人民政
明进华等省、县、镇人大代表一行前往阳新县韦源口镇鲤鱼海村，开 府，结合迪庆公司行业特征和自身优势，助力上江乡人民政府免费开
展精准扶贫走访慰问活动。 展职业技能培训——电工焊工职业技能培训。
On the morning of November 1st, according to the spirit of the In order to further promote the work of poverty alleviation in Shangjiang
Provincial People's Congress Standing Committee's " Concentrate on village, and realized the call “100 Enterprises to Help 100 Villages,
poverty alleviation, NPC deputies took action “meeting and the Winning the Poverty Campaign by Government-Enterprise together”,
relevant requirements of the municipal and county people's which proposed by Shangri-La Government. Diqing plant, Diqing
congresses, combined with the overall deployment of the Federation of Trade Unions, Shangri-La City Labor, The Social Security
"representative actions", as the representative of Hubei Provincial Bureau and the Shangjiang Government, combining with Diqing plant's
People's Congress, CEO Li Yeqing and other people went to the village of Liyuhai to carry out targeted poverty alleviation industry characteristics and its own advantages, helping Shangjiang
consolation activities. government to carry out vocational skill training for free - electrician and
welder vocational skills training.
鲤鱼海村部分村民家里经济条件较差，阳新公司积极履行社会责任，2017年7月与困难家庭结成帮扶对子，助力贫困村民脱贫
摘帽。李叶青一行走访了阳新公司定点结对帮扶的5户贫困家庭，了解这些家庭的基本情况，询问他们的身体状况和致贫原因， 6月26日，由迪庆州总工会，香格里拉市劳动和社会保障局和上江乡
查看帮扶手册、相关扶贫佐证材料及走访记录等，宣讲扶贫政策，并送去慰问金，鼓励他们坚定脱贫致富的决心。五户帮扶对 人民政府和迪庆公司联合举办的“精准扶贫工业技能培训开班仪式”
象反馈了各自的帮扶受助情况，感谢人大代表们对贫困群众的关心，感谢阳新公司自建厂以来对周边贫困村民的帮扶和救助， 在迪庆公司2楼会议室举行。出席开班仪式的领导有迪庆公司总经理尹
村民生活条件得到了较大改善。 维胜、香格里拉市上江乡人民政府乡长杨成义、迪庆州总工会、香格
Some villagers in Liyuhai Village had poor economic conditions, Yangxin plant actively fulfilled its social responsibilities. In July 2017, 里拉市劳动和社会保障局相关领导。
plant and the poor families formed a pair to help the poor villagers get rid of poverty. Li Yeqing visited five poor families who were On June 26th, the Diqing Federation of Trade Unions, the Shangri-La
assisted by Yangxin plant. He understood the basic situation of these families, asked about their physical condition and causes of City Labor and Social Security Bureau, Shangjiang Government and
poverty, checked relevant poverty alleviation materials and visit records, and publicized the poverty alleviation policy, also sent a Diqing plant jointly held the “Targeted Poverty Alleviation Industrial
condolence payment to encourage them to be determined to get rid of poverty. These five families thanked the deputies and Skills Training Opening Ceremony” in Diqing plant. Leaders attending
Yangxin plant for helping them since the establishment of the plant; their living conditions have been greatly improved. the opening ceremony included Yin Weisheng, general manager of
Diqing plant, Yang Chengyi, head of the Shangjiang Government, and
李叶青表示，将充分发挥好人大代表作用，扎实开展精准扶贫工作，助力贫困家庭早日脱贫。他希望贫困村民与周边工矿企业 other relevant leaders of the Shangri-La City Labor and Social Security
建立紧密合作关系，实现互赢互利；与政府、企业加强沟通交流，及时了解帮扶脱贫政策，不断拓宽脱贫致富的渠道，早日实 Bureau.
现脱贫梦。
迪庆公司副总经理李永杰主持开班仪式并致欢迎词，香格里拉市上江
Li Yeqing said that he would give full play to the role of the NPC deputy, solidly carry out targeted poverty alleviation, and help poor
families get rid of poverty as soon as possible. He hoped that the poor villagers could establish close cooperative relations with the 乡人民政府乡长杨成义做动员讲话，乡长杨成义畅谈了百企帮白村、
surrounding enterprises to achieve mutual benefit; poor villagers should strengthen communication with the government and 拓宽贫困户与失业农民就业增收渠道的重要深远意义，同时，他对此
enterprises, timely understand the policy of poverty alleviation policy, continuously expand the channels for getting rid of poverty, 次培训的电焊工完全可以预期的美好职业前景进行了深入的描绘与展
and realize the dream of being rich as soon as possible.
64 / 65
2018企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 服务社会 Serving the Society
望，他鼓励所有参培人员，要在充分认识各级政府和迪庆公司良苦用心的基础上，用心学、认真学，学 2吨大白菜背后的感人故事——秭归公司又一扶贫举措为村民送实在
深、学透、学精，学以致用，争取用自己学到的这一技之长，改变自己和家庭的生活现状与面貌。 Touching story behind 2 tons of Chinese cabbage - Another poverty alleviation initiative of Zigui
Li Yongjie, deputy general manager of Diqing plant, presided over the opening ceremony and delivered a Company
welcoming speech. Yang Chengyi, the head of the Shangjiang made a mobilization speech. He said that
broaden the income-increasing channels of poor and unemployed farmers had important and far-reaching
significance. At the same time, He encouraged all participants to fully understand the government and
Diqing plant’s good intentions, study hard and apply what you have learned, and strive to use the skills “有清炒大白菜、水煮大白菜、白菜汤等传统菜式，也有白菜烙
you have learned to change the present situation of yourself and your family. 土豆饼、白菜土豆芝麻煎饼、白菜沙拉、白菜三明治等小吃。每
天做出的白菜都能卖完，辣的清淡的，口味挺全，员工都爱
上江乡主管劳动和就业的康副乡长发表热情洋溢的讲话，引导所有参加培训的学员要从“要我脱贫”转
吃。”
变为“我要脱贫”，并鼓励他们一定要转变观念、树立信心，珍惜迪庆公司在百忙之中给大家提供的这 "There are fried cabbage, boiled cabbage, cabbage soup and
个机会和搭建的平台，在学有所成后，争取用自己勤劳的双手，改变暂时困难的命运，让明天的生活更 other traditional dishes, but also cabbage branded potato cakes,
加美好！ cabbage potato sesame pancakes, cabbage salad, cabbage
Deputy head of Shangjiang government, who is in charge of labor and employment in Shangjiang sandwiches and other snacks. Every day, the cabbage can be
Township, delivered a warm speech, guiding all participants in the training to change from “make me out sold out and the employees like it”.
of poverty” to “I want to get rid of poverty” and encourage them to change their concepts and build
confidence, cherish the opportunity and platform provide by Diqing plant, and strive to use hard-working 12月9日至14日短短6天内，秭归公司的员工足足吃掉了约2吨大白菜。白菜清甜可口，而背后的感人故事更打动人心。
hands to change the temporary difficulties and make tomorrow's life even better! In just six days from December 9th to 14th, employees of Zigui plant ate about 2 tons of Chinese cabbage. Chinese cabbage was
sweet and delicious, and the story behind it was more touching.
在开班仪式现场，迪庆公司给参加培训的所有人员发放劳动防护用品和培训教材共计40余套，此次培训
原来，这些白菜系秭归公司行管部通过“以购代捐”方式，从该公司对口扶贫单位文家岩村购得。文家岩村位于湖北省宜昌市
共有43人报名，迪庆公司抽调4名专业工程师对培训学员进行指导和组织教学。培训完成后由迪庆州总
秭归县郭家坝镇大山深处，属于极度贫困村。受地理环境影响，村民们只能靠种些土豆、大白菜、萝卜、核桃、花椒等维持生
工会、香格里拉市劳动和社会保障局组织了职业鉴定考试，成绩合格者取得了相关从业资格证书，同
计，没有其他收入。由于交通不便，农产品运出成本高，在市场上完全没有竞争力。为了帮助贫困户销售滞销的农产品，12月
时，迪庆公司还向每位学员赠送了一套电焊工具，工作细致入微。
At the opening ceremony, Diqing plant provided more than 40 sets of PPE and training materials to all the 8日，秭归公司行管部前往文家岩村贫困户家里实地考察，以高于市场价的价格从贫困户手中购买了大白菜、土豆、萝卜等共计
people involved in the training. A total of 43 people signed up for the training, Diqing plant transferred 4 约3吨农产品，直接给他们带来了一笔实实在在的收入。
professional engineers to guide and teach. After the completion of the training, Diqing Federation of Trade It turned out that these white cabbages were purchased by the plant through the "purchase"(donation) method from the plant's
Unions and the Shangri-La Labor and Social Security Bureau organized the professional certification test. counterpart poverty alleviation unit Wenjiayan Village. Wenjiayan Village is located in the deep mountainous area of Guojiaba Town,
Those who passed the test obtained the relevant qualification certificates. At the same time, Diqing plant Zigui County, and is an extremely poor village. Affected by the geographical environment, the villagers can only rely on planting
also gave a set of welding tools to each student. potatoes, Chinese cabbage, radishes, walnuts, peppers and other livelihoods, no other income. Due to the inconvenient
transportation, the cost of exporting agricultural products is high and there is no competition at all in the market. In order to help
近年来，迪庆公司始终以社会责任为基石，全力投入和助力地方政府的脱贫攻坚战，从技能培训、产业 them to sell unsalable agricultural products, on December 8th, the plant went to the poor households in Wenjiayan Village to
扶贫、就业扶贫等方面入手，为当地村民实现再就业、创业提供服务平台，取得了当地政府和社会的一 conduct on-the-spot investigations and purchased about 3 tons cabbage, potatoes and radishes from poor households at a price
致认可。 higher than the market price.
In recent years, Diqing plant has always relied on social responsibility as the cornerstone, fully committed to
近年来，秭归公司在秭归县“百企帮百村”精准扶贫行动中花了不少心思，此前已推出爱心收购活动帮助文家岩村贫困户解决
helping the local government to fight poverty, and started from the aspects of skills training, industrial
poverty alleviation, employment poverty alleviation, etc., and provided a service platform for local villagers 玉米、辣椒滞销等问题。除了通过“以购代捐”，秭归公司还不定期给当地贫困种植户进行电商销售知识培训，帮助他们逐步
to achieve re-employment and start a business. Diqing plant achieved unanimous recognition from the 找到销售渠道，提高积极性，从而最终实现脱贫脱困。
local government and society. In recent years, Zigui plant has spent a lot of time in targeted poverty alleviation, and has launched charity buying activity to help
local poor households solve the problem of corn and pepper unsalable. In addition to the " purchase"(donation)", Zigui plant also
trained local poor growers about electricity business knowledge, helping them find sales channels and improve their enthusiasm, so
as to finally get rid of poverty.
66 / 67
2018企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 服务社会 Serving the Society
红河公司志愿者到社区开展环保宣传活动 黄石分公司团委志愿者向小学生宣贯交通安全知识
Volunteers from Honghe plant carried out environmental protection propaganda activities in the Volunteers from the Youth League Committee of Huangshi
community Branch publicize traffic safety knowledge to pupils
11月23日，华新水泥黄石分公司团委志愿者带着统一制作的《小学生交通
2018年6月5日是第47个世界环境日，今年世界环境日的主题是：“美丽中国，我是
安全手册》来到龚家巷小学门口，义务当起了交通安全宣传员。在现场，志
行动者”，旨在推动全社会积极参与生态文明建设，携手行动，共建天蓝地绿水清的
愿者们为学生们发放《小学生交通安全手册》，宣传手册配有顺口溜、交通
美丽中国。当天上午，红河公司志愿者来到星光社区集中开展环保宣传活动。
安全儿歌和漫画，这些元素混合在一起更容易理解和熟记；内容方面包括了
June 5th, 2018 was the 47th World Environment Day. The theme of this year's World
上学放学路上、过马路时和乘车时需要注意的事项，还有常见的交通标志。
Environment Day was "Beautiful China, I am an actor". It aimed to promote the active
On November 23rd, volunteers from the Youth League Committee of Huaxin
participation of the whole society in the construction of ecological civilization and work
Cement Huangshi Branch came to the entrance of Gongjiaxiang Primary
together to build a beautiful China with blue sky, green land and clear water. In the
School with the “Primary School Traffic Safety Handbook” and volunteered
morning, volunteers from Honghe plant came to Xingguang Community to concentrate
to be a traffic safety promoter. At the scene, volunteers distributed the
on environmental protection publicity activities.
“Primary School Traffic Safety Handbook” for students. The brochures
were equipped with jingles, traffic safety songs and comics, these elements
在活动现场，志愿者们向过往社区居民讲解了相关环保政策和环保小知识，同时还向大家介绍了红河公司近年来在环保方面的
were easy to understand and memorize. The content included the matters
所做的大量工作，特别是开展“美丽工厂”建设活动以来工厂所发生的翻天覆地的变化。通过志愿者们耐心的讲解，让居民们
needing attention on the way to school, after school, when crossing the street
及时了解工厂积极实施环保行动的态度和所取得的成效。活动过程中，志愿者们还向社区居民发放了环保宣传单、宣传册、环
and when riding a car, as well as common traffic signs.
保袋等共计1500余份。
At the events, the volunteers explained the relevant environmental policies and knowledge to the community residents, and also
碰到一些低年级的学生，对手册上的字有些不认识，志愿者会逐条讲解，教
introduced the great work done by Honghe plant in environmental protection in recent years, especially the changes in the plant
他们认识到交通安全的重要性：让他们懂得步行时要靠右；过马路时要走人
since the "beautiful factory" construction activities were carried out. Through the patient explanation of volunteers, residents could
行横道；“红灯停绿灯行”；没有红绿灯的情况下要“一看二慢三通过”。
timely understand the plant's attitude to actively implementing environmental protection actions and the results achieved. During the
除此之外志愿者们还希望小朋友们也当起小宣传员，提醒身边的同学和家人
activities, volunteers also handed out more than 1500 environmental protection leaflets, brochures and bags to community
residents. 遵守交通规则，提高交通安全意识。同学们也纷纷表示以后一定会安全出
行，遵守交通规则，努力做好小小宣传员，让更多的人文明出行，安全出
多年来，红河公司始终坚持每年到社区开展环保宣传活动，得到了附近社区居民的欢迎和认可。在环保改善方面，红河公司近 行。
年来投入了大量人力物力，先后完成了各原辅料堆场密封、收尘器改造、厂区道路修复和植树绿化等多个项目，使工厂环境面 When met some junior students, they didn't know the words on the handbook.
貌发生了巨大改变。红河公司以及每一名员工将会继续保持一名环保行动者的姿态，加快实施各项环保改善措施，积极投身环 Volunteers explained the importance of traffic safety one by one, and taught
保治理工作，为把工厂建设成为绿色、低碳、可持续发展的花园式工厂而不懈努力。 them the importance of traffic safety, such as walking on the right side,
Over the years, Honghe plant has always insisted on carrying out environmental protection publicity activities every year in the crossing the street on the sidewalk, following the instructions of traffic lights,
community, which has been welcomed and recognized by residents in the nearby communities. In terms of environmental be careful without the traffic lights. In addition, the volunteers also hoped that
protection improvement, Honghe plant has invested a lot of manpower and material resources in recent years, and has completed the children could act as little propagandists to remind their classmates and
various projects such as sealing of raw materials and storage yards, renovation of dust collectors, road repairing and tree planting family members to abide by traffic rules and raise awareness of traffic safety.
in the plant area, which has greatly changed the environment of the plant. Honghe plant and each employee will continue to Students have also expressed that they would abide by traffic rules, and strive
maintain the attitude of an environmental actor, accelerate the implementation of various environmental improvement measures, to do a good job as a small propagandist, so that more people could travel
and actively participate in environmental protection, making unremitting efforts to build the plant into a green, low-carbon, safely.
sustainable garden plant.
68 / 69
2018企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 服务社会 Serving the Society
渠县公司志愿者帮助周边农民灌溉农田 襄城公司志愿者开展“村企结对”助力文明城市创建
Volunteers of Quxian plant help surrounding farmers irrigated their farmland Volunteers of Xiangcheng plant carry out "village- enterprise pairing" to help build a civilized city
4月19日，渠县公司质量控制部组织志愿者帮助周边农民灌溉农田，为秧 12月19日，襄城公司志愿者开展“村企结对”，联合襄城区周家冲
苗插播打下基础。 社区工作人员开展社区环境卫生清理整治工作，共建文明城市。
On April 19th, quality control department of Quxian plant organized volunteers On December 19th, the volunteers of Xiangcheng plant carried out
to help surrounding farmers irrigate their farmland and lay a foundation for “village-enterprise pairing” and cooperated with the staff of
planting seedlings. Zhoujiachong Community in Xiangcheng District to carry out community
environmental clean-up work and build a civilized city.
卷硐乡属于山区，缺乏水资源，春耕生产全靠天的眼色。马上就到了秧苗
播插的季节，但住在卷硐乡逢春村四社的王明树老人却焦头烂额，因为他 襄城区岘山路华中制药家属区是襄阳较早的小区之一，由于房龄老、
家的农田没有做好下雨蓄水的准备，所以田里仍然干涸着，无法顺利播种 位置偏，现大部分房屋空置，留下居住的多为老人，行动不便，社区
稻谷。王明树大爷的儿女都外出务工去了，灌溉农田就成了最大的难题。渠县公司质量控制部部长陈兵知道此事后，当 环境卫生整治难、维护难。襄城公司志愿者积极响应“村企结对”志
天上午9时，组织志愿者带上消防带和防水服等必要的工具，来到王明树大爷家里，准备帮助他完成农田灌溉。短暂地 愿服务工作，主动联系周家冲社区工作人员，开展社区环境整治工作。当日下午，该公司志愿者同周家冲社区志愿者
与王明树大爷交流了一下志愿者们的来意，同时也了解了王大爷目前遇到的问题，接着陈兵部长就把志愿者分成三组： 一起，清理华中制药厂家属区内排水沟。由于排水沟长年得不到有效清理，累积的灰尘、污水、滋长的杂草沉淀成淤
第一组负责水源点，确保有足够的水量被抽到农田里；第二组负责消防水带连接和维护；第三组负责农田蓄水。 泥堆满水沟，一到下雨天，雨水就会漫出路面，给过往行人带来不便。沉积的淤泥也给清理工作带来困难。活动中，
Juantong town belonged to the mountainous area and lack of water resources, spring cultivation depends entirely on the 志愿者有的铲、有的扫、有的装车运淤泥，还有的捡拾路边的白色垃圾……寒冷的天气阻挡不了大家的劳动热情。经
weather. Soon it would be the season of planting, but Wang Mingshu, who lived in the Fourth Community of Fengchun 过近三个小时的辛苦劳动，积满淤泥的排水沟被清理干净，路边的白色垃圾也不见了踪影。醒目的工作服，也让过往
Village, Juantong Town, was in a terrible state of anxiety. Because his farmland was not ready for rain and water storage, the 居民了解了华新志愿者乐于奉献的良好品质。
field was still dry and unable to plant rice. Uncle Wang’s sons and daughters went out to work. Irrigation of farmland became
Huazhong Pharmaceutical Family Area was one of the old communities in Xiangcheng. Because of its old age and location
the biggest problem. Volunteers of Quxian plant were organized to bring fire hose and waterproof clothes and other
in isolated areas, most of the houses were vacant now, only elderly lived here. It was difficult to clean-up and maintain clean
necessary tools to Uncle Wang's home at 9 a.m. to help him complete farmland irrigation. After a brief exchange with Uncle
in the community. The volunteers of Xiangcheng plant responded positively to the volunteer work of "village-enterprise
Wang, then Chen Bin, head of quality control department divided the volunteers into three groups: the first group was
pairing" and contacted the community staff of Zhoujiachong community actively to carry out the community environmental
responsible for water sources to ensure that enough water was pumped into the farmland; the second group was responsible
renovation work. In the afternoon, volunteers from the plant and Zhoujiachong community cleaned up the drainage ditches.
for connection and maintenance of fire hose; and the third group was responsible for farmland water storage.
Because the drainage ditch has not been effectively cleaned up for many years, the accumulated dust, and sewage and
growing weeds deposit into silt and fill the ditch. When it rains, the rainwater will overflow the way and bring inconvenience
由于卷硐乡每到秧苗播种时都会缺水，乡政府在一个叫“冷水河”的小河沟将山沟的水截住，并安装了水泵，专门用于 to passers-by. Sedimentary sludge also makes it difficult to clean up. In the activities, some volunteers shoveled, some
农田灌溉。但由于长时间没有使用，小河沟中水藻较多，泥土沉积，影响水泵工作。于是第一组志愿者穿上防水服，下 swept, some loaded and transported mud, and some picked up the white garbage by the roadside... Cold weather can't
到泵体位置，将水藻扯掉，然后用锄头在泵体吸水管下钩出一个大坑，使大量水集中在泵体下面，确保了抽水顺利，水 stop everyone's enthusiasm for work. After nearly three hours of hard work, the drainage ditches were cleaned up and the
量充足。第二组将带来的消防水带连接在抽水管道上，一直连到王明树大爷的农田里。第三组用锄头将农田的田埂上缺 white garbage on the roadside disappeared. The striking work clothes of Huaxin also let the residents know the good
quality of Huaxin volunteers' willingness to contribute.
损的部分用泥土填垒起来，并夯实，确保抽上来的水不被流失。通过8小时分工协作，帮助王明树大爷完成了约5亩农田
的灌溉。临走时王大爷抓着志愿者们的手说：“辛苦你们了！茶水也没沾，真不好意思，有你们华新在我们身边，遇到
襄城公司此次“村企结对”志愿者活动，不仅美化了社区生活环境，为文明城市创建贡献力量，同时也向外界展示了
困难也不怕了！”
华新志愿者良好的精神风貌。
Because of the lack of water, the local government intercepted the water from a river and installed pumps for irrigation.
Xiangcheng plant's "village-enterprise pairing" volunteer activity not only beautifies the community living environment,
However, due to the longtime of no use, there were a lot of algae and soil deposits in the small river ditch, which affect the
contributes to the creation of civilized cities, but also shows the good spiritual outlook of Huaxin volunteers to the outside
work of the pump. So the first group of volunteers put on waterproof clothes, and did a lot of work to ensure pumping and had
world.
sufficient water. The second group used the fire hoses connected to the pumping pipes until they reach Uncle Wang’s
farmland. The third group used hoes to fill up the defective part of the farmland with soil and tamp it to ensure that the pumped
water could be store up. Through 8-hour of cooperation, Uncle Wang’s 5 mu farmland’s irrigation was completed. When
the volunteers left, Uncle Wang grabbed the volunteers' hands and said, "Thank you for your hard work! Huaxin is beside us,
we are not afraid of difficulties!”
70 / 71
2018企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 服务社会 Serving the Society
道县公司志愿者开展助农插秧活动 鄂州包装公司与花湖开发区政府共建桥梁解决出行难题
Volunteers of Daoxian Plant Carry out Agricultural Transplanting Activities Ezhou Packaging Plant and Huahu Development Zone Government Build
Bridges to Solve Travel Difficulties together
5月19日，华新水泥（道县）有限公司志愿者第二服务队20余人来到劳动 11月23日，鄂州市鄂城区花湖开发区滨港东路
力薄弱的寿雁镇小汪家村汪伯伯家里，帮助他老人家插秧，助力春耕生 上，由花湖开发区政府紧急新建的桥梁投入使
产。 用，解决了鄂州包装公司货物、人员进出难题。
On May 19th, more than 20 volunteers from the Second Service Team of On Nov. 23rd, a bridge newly built by the
Huaxin Cement (Daoxian) Co., Ltd. came to Uncle Wang’s home in government of Huahu Development Zone was put
Xiaowangjia Village, Shouyan Town, where the labor force was weak, to help into use, which solved the problem of goods and
the elderly transplant seedlings and help spring farming production. personnel entering and leaving of Ezhou Packaging
plant.
村里的汪伯伯今年已经60多岁了，带着老母亲和两个年幼的孙子生活，儿
子媳妇都在外务工，家里没有劳动力，眼下大春了，无人插秧可怎么办呢？道县公司志愿者服务队队长邓志强了解到这 为改善生态环境，自今年8月起，花湖开发区政府
一情况后，迅速行动，组织志愿者第二服务队人员来到汪伯伯家里，帮助他抓农时、及时插秧。 启动污水治理工程，开挖花湖开发区滨港路的道路，安装雨污分流管网，鄂州包装公司恰好位于此路
Uncle Wang was over 60 years old; he lived with his old mother and two young grandchildren. His sons and daughters-in-law 段。11月上旬，工程施工逐渐接近鄂州包装公司门前路段，该公司接到通知，附近区域一周后所有道
went out to work. There was no labor force at home. Deng Zhiqiang, the leader of the volunteer service team of Daoxian 路将切断，两个月内所有车辆将不能通行。得知此信息，该公司领导层立即启动应急预案，联络花湖
plant, learned about this situation, he quickly took action to organize the second volunteer's service team to come to uncle
开发区政府，将道路中断的严重性告知，如中断道路，将使企业原材料、成品袋等物资难以进出，企
Wang's home to help transplant rice seedlings in time.
业面临停产，当下正值水泥销售旺季，不仅会损害水泥客户的利益，也使企业遭受严重的经济损失。
In order to improve the ecological environment, since August, the government of Huahu Development
第二服务队志愿者大多是80后青年，干过农活的少，但初生牛犊不怕虎，他们一来到田边，就脱掉鞋袜、卷起裤脚、挽
Zone has started the sewage treatment project, excavated the road of Huahu Development Zone
起袖子，一组人下田扯秧、洗泥、捆秧。别看捆秧是个简单活，但要捆好却不容易。在汪伯伯的耐心指导下，志愿者们
Binggang Road, and installed the rain and sewage diversion pipe network. Ezhou Packaging plant was
一会就学会了，把秧苗捆得结结实实。另一组人将捆好的秧苗用箩筐装好运到泥田边，并用力抛洒至田间，供插秧的人
just located in this section of the road. In early November, the construction of the project gradually
使用。插秧对于志愿者们来说，也是一门新课题，他们起初插的秧多数都漂在水面，原来他们栽的秧苗根没粘住泥巴， approached the front section of Ezhou Packing plant. The plant was informed that all roads in the nearby
在村干部和队长邓志强的示范下，志愿者们学会了用大拇指和食指插秧，掌握了插秧机巧。经过两个小时的劳动，一亩 area would be cut off in a week and that all vehicles would not be able to pass within two months.
多的秧田便插上了绿油油的秧苗。虽然每个志愿者都是一身汗、一腿泥，但留在他们脸上最多的是灿烂的笑容和劳动后 Knowing this information, the plant's leadership immediately launched an emergency plan, contacted the
的喜悦。 Huahu Development Zone Government, and informed the severity of the road interruption. If the road
interruption, it would make it difficult for enterprises to enter and exit raw materials, finished bags and other
Most of the volunteers of the Second Service Team are post-80s youths who have done little farm work, but Young people
materials. Enterprises will face a shutdown. It was the peak season of cement sales; road interruption will
were fearless. As soon as they come to the fields, they took off their shoes and socks; rolled up their trousers and sleeves. A
not only damage the interests of cement customers, but also cause serious economic losses to
group of people went out to the fields to pull rice seedlings, wash mud and bundle rice seedlings. Bundling rice seedlings
enterprises.
looked like a simple job, but it was not easy to bundle them properly. Guided by Uncle Wang's patience, the volunteers soon
learned to tie the seedlings firmly. Another group of people packed the bundled seedlings in baskets and carried them to the
edge of the mud field, and sprinkled them to the field for the trans-planters. Transplanting seedlings was also a new subject for 经双方协商，最终由鄂州包装公司拟定应急方案，在厂区门前开辟一条通道与对面未施工的路段连
volunteers. Most of the seedlings they planted at first floated on the water. Originally, the roots of the seedlings they planted 接，改道通行；政府安排施工单位在该公司门前搭建一座9米宽的桥梁通向对岸，经过一周施工，鄂
did not stick to the mud. With the demonstration of village cadres and Deng Zhiqiang, the volunteers learned to transplant 州包装公司门前赫然搭起一座新桥梁，不仅保证员工上下班的车辆通行，还保障了大型载重货车顺利
seedlings and mastered the skill of transplanting. After two hours of work, more than one mu of rice seedlings was planted 行驶。
with green seedlings. Although each volunteer was sweaty and muddy, the most important thing that remained on their faces
After discussion between two sides, Ezhou Packing plant finally worked out an emergency plan to open a
was their brilliant smile and joy after work.
channel in front of the plant area to connect with the unconstructed section of the opposite road; the
government arranged the construction unit to build a 9-meter wide bridge in front of the plant to the
道县公司志愿者服务队在春耕期间深入田间地头，帮助缺老户、孤寡老人等困难群众抢栽秧苗，为他们送去帮扶“及时
opposite side, after a week of construction, a new bridge was built in front of the Ezhou Packing plant,
雨”。 which not only guaranteed the staff to work but also guaranteed the smooth running of large trucks.
The volunteer service team of Daoxian plant went deep into the field during the spring ploughing period to help the needy and
the widowed elderly to plant seedlings.
72 / 73
2018企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 服务社会 Serving the Society
华新“我爱柬埔寨”教育基金捐建的卓雷丁学校围墙开工奠基
Foundation for the construction of the school fence in Chakrey Ting,
donated by Huaxin Education Fund "I Love Cambodia"
education in Kampot Province since the founding of the Huaxin "I
Love Cambodia" Education Fund. He was proud of the Chinese-
funded enterprises with a high sense of social responsibility like
Huaxin in Kampot Province. On behalf of the Kampot Provincial
Education Department and all the teachers and students of Chakrey
Ting School, he expressed his sincere thanks and hoped that the
Huaxin Cambodian plant will continue to pay close attention to the
education in Kampot Province while maintaining good business
performance and make greater contributions to the growth of the
next generation in Cambodia.
徐钢副总裁向卓雷丁学校师生分享了他的童年经历，勉励各位学生抓住柬
埔寨国家发展的机遇，努力学习，掌握好本领，建设家园，为柬中人民深
厚友谊世代传承贡献力量。他希望同学们在学好科学文化知识的同时，以
柬埔寨公司为基地，更好的了解现代工业，做一名优秀的国家发展建设
者。
Vice President Xu Gang shared his childhood experience with the
9月27日下午，由华新“我爱柬埔寨”教育基金捐建的卓雷丁学校围墙开工奠基。公
teachers and students of Chakrey Ting School. He encouraged the
司副总裁、海外事业部总经理徐钢，柬埔寨唝吥省教育厅厅长，唝吥省德初县长，柬
students to seize the opportunity of Cambodia's national
埔寨公司员工代表及卓雷丁学校师生共计200余人参加了开工仪式。
development, and study hard, master their skills, build their homes
On the afternoon of September 27th, the construction of the fence in Chakrey
and contribute to the inheritance of Cambodian-Chinese profound
Ting School, funded by the Huaxin Education Fund of "I Love Cambodia" began.
friendship from generation to generation. He hoped that while
Xu Gang, Vice President of the Company and General Manager of Overseas
learning scientific and cultural knowledge well, students would take
BU, Director of Cambodia's Education Department, Head of local government,
the Huaxin Cambodian plant as their base, better understand
Cambodia's staff representatives and teachers and students of Chakrey Ting
modern industry and become an excellent national development
School attended the opening ceremony.
builder.
开工仪式上，柬埔寨唝吥省教育厅厅长Tak Hab回顾了华新“我爱柬埔寨”教育基金
创办以来为支持唝吥省教育事业发展开展的一系列帮扶活动，为唝吥省有华新这样有
高度社会责任感的中资企业感到骄傲，他代表唝吥省教育厅和卓雷丁学校全体师生向
徐钢副总裁和柬埔寨公司表达真诚的感谢，希望柬埔寨公司在保持良好的经营业绩同
时继续关注唝吥省的教育事业，为柬埔寨下一代的茁壮成长作出更大的贡献。
At the ceremony, Tak Hab, Director of the Education Department of Kampot
Province, recalled a series of support activities to support the development of
74 / 75
2018企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 服务社会 Serving the Society
感动瞬间
Touching Moments
顶效公司志愿者
用
走
电
进
知
校
识
园为学生宣讲安全
包装公司开展“绿
活 色 动 出行健步走”志愿者
参天公司志愿者重阳节前夕看望红炉镇敬
道县公司志愿者 爱 积 心 极 助 参 教 加 活 道 动
县示范幼儿园
恩平公司志愿者在省道边安装荧光柱保安全
房县公司开展“关爱儿童健康，从清洁保
老院老人
护双手做起“健康进校园活动
E 恩 he n 施 l s p h 公 e i C m 司 o p m t 组 y p n 织 a e n s 志 y t o e 愿 r ld g 者 e a r n l 帮 y iz p e 助 i d c k 空 v o te 巢 lu a n 老 -l t e e a 人 e v r e s 采 s t 茶 o
荆州公司志愿者带孤寡老人户外踏春 西藏公司驻村工作
植
队
小
帮
麦
助江惹村困难户种
剑川公司志愿者参加无偿献血传递爱心
阳新公司志愿者重阳
老
节
人
前慰问福利院孤寡
盐井公司退伍军人义务植树献礼建军节 宜都包装公司志愿者帮助周边果农摘柑桔
76 / 77