2 0 1 9
企业社会责任报告
欢迎垂询，或将您的意见发至： Welcome enquiries of contact us through the following:
地址：湖北省武汉市东湖新技术开发区高新大道426号华 Add: Huaxin Building,No.426 Gaoxin Avenue,East Lake
新大厦 New Technology Development District,Wuhan
邮编：430073 City,Hubei Province；
联系人：苏静 Zip code: 430073
联系电话：15271815016 Contact: SuJing
华新水泥股份有限公司
邮箱：sujing@huaxincem.com Phone: 15271815016
网址：http://www.huaxincem.com E-mail: sujing@huaxincem.com
Web: http://www.huaxincem.com
目录
CONTENTS
04
总裁致辞
Forward by the CEO
06
公司概况
Company Profile
报告说明
Notes
10
公司治理
Corporate Governance
本报告依据《全球报告倡议组织（GRI）可持续发展
20
报告指南》以及国务院国资委《关于中央企业履行社
会责任的指导意见》编制而成，报告披露数据以 环保履责
2019年度为主，适度向前延伸，以补充2018年报告 Social Responsibilities
Performance in
中未曾披露的有关信息。
Environmental Protection
我们将定期发布公司社会责任报告，接受社会监督，
搭建与您沟通的平台。
38
健康安全履责
This report is compiled based on “Global Reporting
Social Responsibility
Initiative (GRI) Reporting Guidelines for Sustainable Performance in Safety
and Health
Development” and the State “Guidance on Central
Corporate Fulfilling Social Responsibility”. Data
48
disclosed mainly refer to 2019, with a brief supplement
员工发展
to the information disclosed in 2018.
We will regularly issue corporate social responsibility Staff Development
reports, to provide a platform for communication and 62
for external supervision.
服务社会
Serving the Society
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 总裁致辞 FORWARD BY THE CEO
comprehensively implement clean production and constantly 提升员工薪酬标准和福利待遇，让员工清晰地感受到公司业
optimize the level of pollution prevention and control. Through 绩增长的同时，个人收入也稳步增长。同时加强工会创新建
the green development strategy of the combination of cement
设，切实服务员工群众，助力企业高质量发展。
production and solid waste collaborative disposal, Huaxin
We follow the law of talent growth, promote the construction of
vigorously construct a platform of co-processing solid waste
the learning organization of the company, strive to improve the
by cement kiln to realize the "reduction, harmless and
01 salary standard and welfare treatment of employees, so that
resource-based" disposal of waste.
employees could clearly feel the growth of the company's
performance, while the personal income is also growing
在实现公司业绩迅速增长的同时，我们不忘回报社会，从国
steadily. At the same time, we also strengthen the innovation
内到海外，华新一直以践行企业社会责任为己任，倡导和支 and construction of trade unions, effectively serve the staff and
总裁致辞
持员工投身形式多样的志愿者服务以及开展精准扶贫活动， masses, and help enterprises developing with high quality.
促进社会可持续发展。
总裁 李叶青 CEO Li Yeqing Forward by the CEO While realizing the rapid growth of the company's 我们聚焦客户需求和体验，加强客户价值管理，建立完善的
performance, we do not forget to repay the society. From 产品质量管理体系，为用户提供满意的产品和服务，不断满
home to abroad, Huaxin has been taking the practice of 足客户需求，为客户创造增值价值。
corporate social responsibility as its own responsibility, We focus on customer needs and experience, strengthen
advocating and supporting employees to participate in various customer value management, establish a perfect product
113年来华新不忘“实业报国”初心，始终为国家建设和社 their mission and act bravely to achieve various work forms of volunteer services and carry out targeted poverty quality management system, providing customers with
会发展进步贡献源源不断的力量。2019年是新中国成立 highlights and record production and operation alleviation activities, so as to promote the sustainable satisfactory products and services, constantly meet customer
70周年，是全面深入学习贯彻十九大精神的一年，也是华新 performance. development of society. needs, and create value-added value for customers.
践行高质量发展的非凡年，公司全体员工守初心、担使命、
企业不仅是社会财富的创造者，也是社会责任的承担 我们大力开展健康安全培训，完善健康安全制度，强化健康 “心中有梦想，行动有力量。”在充满挑战与机遇的2020
勇作为，各项工作亮点纷呈，生产经营业绩再创历史新高。
者。作为一家以“清洁我们的生活环境”为使命的环保 安全管控，公司整体安全形势逐渐步入良性发展轨道，进一 年，我们定当同心同德、万众一心、团结奋战，继续沿着高
In the past 113 years, Huaxin has never forgotten its original
intention of "serving the country through industry" and has 转型公司，华新全面推行清洁生产，不断优化污染防治 步推进安全管理再上新台阶。 质量发展之路快速前行，为实现新时代宏伟目标不懈奋斗！
always contributed to the country's construction and social 水平，通过水泥生产与固废协同处置结合的绿色发展战 We vigorously carry out health and safety training, improve "There is a dream in the heart, and action has power." In 2020,
development and progress. 2019 is the 70th anniversary of 略，大力建设水泥窑协同处置平台，实现废弃物的“减 health and safety system, and strengthen health and safety full of challenges and opportunities,we will work together and
the founding of the people's Republic of China, a year of 量化、无害化、资源化”处置。 management and control. The company's overall safety fight,with one heart and one mind,all united in one
comprehensive and in-depth study and implementation of the Enterprises are not only creators of social wealth, but situation gradually step into a sound development track, and purpose,continue to move forward quickly along the road of
spirit of the 19th national congress, and a special year for also bearers of social responsibility. As an environmental further promote safety management to a new level. high-quality development, and make unremitting efforts to
Huaxin to practice high-quality development,all employees of protection transformation company with the mission of achieve the grand goal of the new era!
我们遵循人才成长规律，推动公司学习型组织的构建，努力
the company are abided by their original aspiration, undertake "cleaning our living environment", Huaxin
04 05
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 公司概况 COMPANY PROFILE
02
公司概况
Company Profile
两国拥有近 200 家分子公司，具备水泥产能近1亿吨/年、商 concrete, 39.5 million tons / year for aggregate, 120 million
品混凝土2235万立方/年、骨料3950万吨/年、综合环保墙材 pieces / year for comprehensive environmental protection wall
materials, 50000 tons / year for cement equipment
1.2亿块/年、水泥设备制造5万吨/年、砂浆30万吨/年、水泥
manufacturing, 300000 tons / year for mortar, 600 million
包装袋6亿只/年，废弃物处置570万吨/年（含在建）的总体
华新水泥股份有限公司始创于1907年，历史悠久，被誉 - Huaxin Cement implemented comprehensive integration.In pieces / year for cement packaging bags, and 5.7 million tons /
产能。
为中国水泥工业的摇篮。1994年，公司A、B股在上海证 2016, Huaxin acquired the equity of 6 companies controlled by year for waste disposal (including under construction).
In recent years, under the strong leadership of the senior
LafargeHolcim in Yunnan and Chongqing. The company further
券交易所上市，1999年，与全球最大的水泥制造商之一
management team headed by Li Yeqing, Secretary of the
consolidates its leading position in low-carbon cement, co- 2019年,公司销售水泥及商品熟料7,694万吨，同比增长
的瑞士Holcim集团结为战略伙伴关系。2015年，拉豪中
Party committee and President of the company, the company
processing solid waste by cement kiln ,energy conservation and
8.79%；销售骨料1,759万吨，同比增长21.24%；各类废
国—华新水泥实施全面整合。2016年，华新收购拉法基 has accurately grasped the general trend, seizes the
emission reduction, industrial system ecological design, safety
弃物入窑处置量达到238万吨，同比提升11.19%。实现营
豪瑞控制的位于云南、重庆的6家公司股权，公司进一步 opportunity, deepens the implementation of the development
production and occupational health, and becomes one of
巩固在低碳水泥、水泥窑协同处置、节能减排、工业系 strategy of "environmental protection transformation, 业收入314.39亿元，同比增长14.47％；上交税收43.92亿
China's top 500 manufacturing enterprises and fortune China's
overseas development, development of high-tech building 元，为股东创造了价值，为社会作出了贡献。
统生态设计、安全生产及职业健康等多个领域的领导地 top 500 enterprises.
materials and traditional industry + digitalization", and makes In 2019, the company sold 76.94 million tons of cement and
位，为中国制造业 500 强和财富中国 500 强企业。
remarkable achievements in transformation and high-quality commercial clinker, a year-on-year increase of 8.79%; 17.59
Huaxin Cement Co., Ltd., founded in 1907, has a long 近年来，在以公司党委书记、总裁李叶青为班长的高管团队的
development.By the end of 2019, the company has nearly 200 million tons of aggregate, a year-on-year increase of 21.24%;
history and is known as the cradle of China's cement 坚强领导下，公司准确把握大势，抢抓机遇，深化实施“环保
companies in 9 provinces and cities including Hubei, Hunan, and the disposal volume of various wastes into the kiln
industry. In 1994, the company's A and B shares were
转型、海外发展、高新建筑材料拓展和传统工业+数字化”的
Yunnan, Sichuan, Guizhou, Guangdong, Henan, Chongqing, reached 2.38 million tons, a year-on-year increase of 11.19%.
listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange，and in 1999,
发展战略，在转型高质量发展方面取得了令人瞩目的成就。截 Tibet and overseas Tajikistan and Cambodia With a total The operating revenue was 31.439 billion yuan, an increase of
established a strategic partnership with Holcim
止2019年底，公司在湖北、湖南、云 南、四川、贵州、广 capacity of nearly 100 million tons / year for cement 14.47% year on year; the tax paid was 4.392 billion yuan,
headquartered in Switzerland, one of the largest cement
东、河南、重庆、西藏等 9 省市及海外塔吉克斯坦、柬埔寨 production, 22.35 million cubic meters / year for commercial creating value for shareholders and contributing to the society.
manufacturers in the world. In 2015, LafargeHolcim China
06 07
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 公司概况 COMPANY PROFILE
2019年公司经济效益 2019年公司荣誉
Economic Results of the Company in 2019 Company Honor in 2019
1、华新水泥六度跻身“中国500最具价值品牌” 排行榜，位列第87位。
Huaxin Cement ranked 87th in the "China 500 most valuable brand" list for six times.
2、华新水泥跻身 2019 年《财富》中国 500 强榜单第305位，较去年上升 45 位。
350
314.39 Huaxin Cement ranked 305th on the Fortune 500 list in 2019, up 45 places from last year.
300
274.66
3、华新水泥连续夺得第21届上市公司金牛最具投资价值奖。
250
208.89 Huaxin Cement won the most valuable investment award of Golden Bull of the 21st listed company
200
in succession.
150
4、华新水泥荣获“中国主板上市公司价值100强”奖。
100
Huaxin Cement won the award of "top 100 listed companies in China's main board".
50
5、总裁李叶青先生荣获金牛企业领袖奖。
0
2017 2018 2019 President Mr. Li Yeqing won the Golden Bull Enterprise Leader Award.
营业收入（单位：亿元） Operating revenue (100 Million Yuan) 6、华新水泥荣获“中国百强企业奖”。
Huaxin Cement won the "top 100 Chinese enterprises Award".
7、华新水泥荣获第七批“全国民族团结进步示范单位称号”。
50 Huaxin Cement won the title of the seventh batch of "national demonstration unit of national unity and
43.92
45 progress".
38.98
40
35
8、华新水泥荣获“AAA级信用企业”荣誉称号。
30
Huaxin Cement won the honorary title of "AAA credit enterprise".
25
21.85
20
9、华新水泥再次荣获湖北省优秀企业（金鹤奖）荣誉称号。
15
Huaxin Cement won the honorary title of Hubei excellent enterprise (Golden Crane Award) again.
10
5
10、华新水泥名列湖北企业百强第27位，较去年前进4位，实现近四年排名连续上升。
0
2017 2018 2019 Huaxin Cement ranked 27th among the top 100 enterprises in Hubei Province, four places ahead of
last year, achieving a continuous rise in the ranking in the past four years.
税收实现额（单位：亿元） Taxes payment (100 Million Yuan)
11、华新水泥位列湖北制造业企业100强第12位。
Huaxin Cement ranked 12th among the top 100 manufacturing enterprises in Hubei Province.
12、华新水泥荣获第二届湖北改革奖企业奖。
Huaxin Cement won the enterprise award of the second Hubei reform award.
08 09
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 公司治理 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
不断创新投资者关系管理工作，加强股票市值
管理增加股东回报
Continuously innovate the management of investor relations,
strengthen the management of stock market value and increase
03
公司治理
the return of shareholders
Corporate Governance
公司股东大会、董事会及其专门委员会情况
General meeting of shareholders, board of directors and special committee of the company
全年组织1次股东大会、7次董事会会议、13次专门委员会会议（其中审计委员会会议3次、治理与合规委员会会议
2次、提名委员会会议1次、薪酬与考核委员会会议5次、战略委员会会议2次）。
One general meeting of shareholders, seven meetings of the board of directors and thirteen meetings of special
committees (including three meetings of the audit committee, two meetings of the governance and compliance
committee, one meeting of the nomination committee, five meetings of the remuneration and evaluation committee and
two meetings of the strategic committee) were organized throughout the year.
2019年，我们努力完善公司内部治理机制，强化风险识别与评估，继续提
升公司运营管理能力，为公司高质量发展保驾护航。
公司信息披露
Company information disclosure
In 2019, we strived to improve the company's internal governance
mechanism, strengthened risk identification and assessment,
全年共披露定期报告4份、临时公告27份，中英文公告同步发出。全年各类公告披露及时准确、无差错、无一次更正
continued to improve the company's operation and management
公告，符合交易所信息披露各项要求，并在沪市上市公司2018至2019年度信息披露工作评价中获得“上市公司信息
capabilities, guaranteeing the company's high-quality development.
披露A类评价”。
A total of 4 regular reports and 27 temporary announcements were disclosed throughout the year, and both Chinese and
English announcements were issued simultaneously. In the whole year, all kinds of announcement disclosures were
timely, accurate, error free and correct, which meet the requirements of information disclosure of the exchange, and
obtained the "class A evaluation of information disclosure of listed companies" in the evaluation of information disclosure
of Listed Companies in Shanghai Stock Exchange from 2018 to 2019.
10 11
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 公司治理 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
市值与投资者关系管理 持续开展风险管理与内部控制，提升公司风险
The management of market value and investor relationship
防范能力
Continuously carry out risk management and internal control to
通过各种投资服务渠道进行投资者交流活动。全年举办10次投资者公开接待周活动；9场次公司年度业绩说明会网上
improve the company's risk prevention ability
路演、半年度报告及季度报告业绩解读会；总计30批次现场接待到访的机构投资者、基金经理、建材行业分析师/研
究员；组织8场次公司管理层与投资者交流会（包括管理层现场接待、上市公司投资者集体接待日、投资者走进上市
公司面对面交流会等方式）；组织投资者到工厂现场参观调研活动2次；全年107场次参加证券公司组织的证券市场
投资策略会；10次参加券商组织的与机构投资者交流的电话会议；8场次到基金公司进行反路演。150余次/月处理各
公司持续开展风险管理工作，2019年5至6月，组织总部各职能部门、各事业部对战略、运营、合规、财务等
类投资者电话、邮件、上证E互动及微信等咨询公司经营情况等问题。
各类风险的重要性程度进行开放式讨论，评估确认了6项年度关键风险，制定了28项具体的行动计划。各项
Conducted investor exchange activities through various investment service channels. In the whole year, 10 investor
public reception week activities were held; 9 annual performance meetings of the company online roadshow, semi annual 行动计划的责任人切实履责，适时报告工作进展并接受风险管控部门的监督。
report and quarterly report performance interpretation meeting, a total of 30 batches of institutional investors, fund The company continued to carry out risk management. From May to June in 2019, we organized all functional
managers, analysts / researchers in building materials industry received on-site visits; organized 8 meetings between the departments and business divisions of the headquarters to conduct open discussion on the importance of
company's management and investors (including on-site reception by the management, collective reception day for various risks such as strategy, operation, compliance, finance, etc., assessed and confirmed six key risks of the
investors of listed companies, face-to-face exchange meeting for investors entering the listed companies, etc.); year, and formulated 28 specific action plans. The person in charge of each action plan earnestly performed his
organized investors to visit the factory site twice; participated in the securities market investment strategy meeting / her duties, timely reported the work progress and accepted the supervision of the risk control department.
organized by securities companies 107 times in the whole year;10 times of telephone conference with institutional
investors organized by securities companies; 8 times of anti roadshow to fund companies. More than 150 times / month 公司持续开展内部控制工作，适时更新完善内部控制规范，运用内控管理平台对各项控制活动的执行情况进
to deal with various investors' telephone, email, E-interaction of Shanghai Stock Exchange, wechat and other consulting 行记录。公司2019年共计对25家下属单位进行了控制活动执行有效性专项审计，针对采购业务、销售业务、
companies' operation. 工程项目等高风险领域实施了25项业务流程审计，并组织公司总部及147家下属单位进行了年度内部控制自
我评价。针对前述发现的各类内部控制缺陷，公司积极督促各责任单位按期整改，并通过内部通报、专项会
截至2019年12月31日，公司年内市值增长108.2%至466.4亿元。自2016年国家提出供给侧结构性改革以来，三年
议等方式进一步加大内控宣贯力度，促进各单位自查自纠。
内公司市值增长362.5%，在所有水泥类A股上市公司中位列第一；公司2019年度市值增长率108.2%，在湖北省
The company continued to carry out internal control work, timely updated and improved internal control
107家上市公司中名列前茅。 specifications, and used the internal control management platform to record the implementation of various
As of December 31, 2019, the market value of the company increased by 108.2% to 46.64 billion yuan. Since the supply control activities. In 2019, the company conducted a special audit on the implementation effectiveness of control
side structural reform proposed by the state in 2016, the market value of the company has increased by 362.5% in three activities for 25 subordinate units, implemented 25 business process audits in high-risk areas such as
years, ranking first among all listed companies of cement a shares; the market value growth rate of the company in 2019 procurement business, sales business and engineering projects, and organized the headquarters and 147
is 108.2%, ranking first among 107 listed companies in Hubei Province. subordinate units of the company to conduct annual internal control self-evaluation. In view of all kinds of internal
control defects found above, the company actively urged all responsible units to rectify on schedule, and further
increased the publicity and implementation of internal control through internal notification, special meetings and
other ways to promote self-examination and self correction of all units.
持续的风险管理及内部控制工作，有效提升了公司的风险防范能力。公司内部控制自2012年接受会计师事务
所审计以来，已连续9年获得标准无保留意见的审计报告。
The continuous risk management and internal control work effectively improved the risk prevention ability of the
company. Since the company's internal control was audited by an accounting firm in 2012, it has obtained
standard unqualified audit report for 9 consecutive years.
李叶青先生荣获金牛企业领袖奖 蝉联“金牛最具投资价值奖” 王锡明先生荣获“卓越董秘奖”
Li Yeqing won the Golden Bull Retain the title“the most valuable Mr. Wang Ximing won the "Outstanding
Enterprise Leader Award investment award of Golden Bull” Secretary Award"
12 13
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 公司治理 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
全面营造尊廉、尚廉、守廉氛围，为公司高质量发展 实例
保驾护航 Case Studies
Create an atmosphere of respecting, upholding and keeping integrity in an
all-round way, to guarantee the high-quality development of the company
李叶青总裁荣膺中国上市公司金牛企业领袖奖
华新水泥再次夺得金牛最具投资价值奖
经营环境，全力为公司高质量发展保驾护航。 President Li Yeqing won the Golden Bull enterprise leader
award of China's listed companies
In 2019, according to the unified arrangement and deployment of the
Huaxin Cement won the most valuable investment
Discipline Inspection Committee of the superior party committee, the
award of Golden Bull again
Discipline Inspection Committee of the company closely focused on the
work of the company's production reform and innovation center, took key
fields, posts and personnel as the key prevention and control work, took
the 20th party conduct and honest government publicity and education
10月31日，由中国证券报举办的以“新时代、新机遇、新动能”为主题的2019提高上市公
month activity, "ten ten construction activities" and "case warning, case
司质量高峰论坛在北京隆重举行，第21届上市公司金牛奖获奖名单也同时揭晓。公司总裁
promotion and reform, and case capital management" activity as the
李叶青摘下湖北省唯一的金牛企业领袖奖，华新水泥再次夺得金牛最具投资价值奖。
公司开展2019年度“廉洁示范工程”创建调研检查工作 carriers, and deeply to carry out the construction of party conduct and
The company carried out investigation and inspection on the On October 31, the 2019 Summit Forum on improving the quality of listed companies held by
clean government.The main measures taken were: 1. holding a special
establishment of "integrity demonstration project" in 2019
China Securities Journal with the theme of "new era, new opportunities and new momentum"
conference on the construction of a clean and honest government to
was held in Beijing, and the list of winners of the 21st golden bull Award for listed companies
2019年，根据上级党委纪委的统一安排部署，公
deploy the construction of the whole year's party conduct and clean and
was also announced. Li Yeqing, President of the company, won the only golden bull enterprise
司纪委紧紧围绕公司生产改革创新中心工作，以关 honest government, and issuing an annual list of discipline inspection and
leader award in Hubei Province, and Huaxin Cement won the most valuable investment award
键领域、岗位、人员为防控工作重点，以第二十个 supervision work; 2. signing a letter of responsibility level by level to clarify
of golden bull again.
党风廉政宣传教育月活动、“十进十建”活动和 the three-level responsibilities (headquarters, business unit, branch
company);3.making the video courseware of "integrity warning line" to
“以案警示、以案促改、以案资治”活动（“三 中国上市公司金牛奖评选已经走过21年，其评选委员会均由业内知名专家、权威媒体人士
improve the integrity awareness of all employees; 4. paying close attention
以”活动）为载体，深入开展党风廉政建设。采取 和资深市场投资者组成。“金牛奖”见证了中国资本市场发展历程，也评选出一批治理规
to the risk prevention and control of key projects, and carrying out the
的主要举措有：1.召开廉政建设专题会议部署全年 范、业绩增长、积极回报股东回报社会的优秀上市公司和具有崇高的价值追求、出类拔萃
integrity inspection of Huaxin Huangshi Renaissance Project and Luquan
党风廉政建设工作，下发年度纪检监察工作清单； 的素养、卓越的领导才能，能在复杂的环境中带领企业取得巨大成就并享有行业美誉度的
project in the past century; 5. focusing on the prevention and control of
2.逐级签订责任书，明确（总部、事业部、分子公 related transaction risks, and cooperating with relevant departments to 企业领军人物。
司）三级责任；3.制作《廉洁警戒线》视频课件， carry out inspection; 6.organizing and reiterating the rules for related party China's listed companies have been selected for the golden bull awards for 21 years, and its
提高全体员工廉洁从业意识；4.紧抓重点工程风险 transactions of middle-level and above management personnel of the selection committee is composed of well-known experts, authoritative media and senior
防控，赴百年华新黄石复兴工程项目、禄劝项目开 company to strictly prevent the risks of related party transactions; 7. market investors. The "golden bull Award" witnessed the development of China's capital
carrying out the "three by" warning education activities of Huaxin in market, and also selected a group of outstanding listed companies with governance norms,
展廉政巡视巡查；5.重点防控关联交易风险，联合
combination with the actual situation of the company, and using the fresh performance growth, positive return to shareholders and social return, and enterprise leaders
相关部门开展检查；6.组织重申《公司中层及以上
cases around to warn and educate the majority of Party members and with lofty value pursuit, outstanding quality and outstanding leadership ability, who could lead
管理人员关联交易规则》，严防关联交易风险；
cadres;8.innovating the form of reporting against corruption and trying out enterprises to achieve great achievements and enjoy the industry reputation in complex
7.结合公司实际，开展华新“三以”警示教育活
wechat reporting system in new business division. The Discipline environment.
动，用身边的鲜活案例警示教育广大党员干部；
Inspection Commission of the company was continuously committed to
8.创新廉政举报形式，在新业务事业部试行微信举 creating a clean and clean production and operation environment, and fully
报制度。公司纪委持续致力于营造风清气正的生产 guaranteeing the high-quality development of the company.
14 15
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 公司治理 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
近20年来，华新水泥在李叶青的带领下，以思想解放促进企业机制改革，以科技创新推动企业 在颁奖典礼上，公司副总裁、董事会
战略转型，心无旁骛持续推动我国水泥行业的技术进步和产业升级，让华新这家百年老厂持续 秘书王锡明代表公司上台领取了
焕发青春活力，公司主要经济指标年均复合增长率连续20年保持近25%。与此同时，华新水泥 “21届金牛最具投资价值奖”奖杯。
深厚的运营管理能力和持续的技术创新能力，以及在信息披露、公司治理、投资者关系管理、 At the award ceremony, Wang Ximing,
vice president and Secretary of the
资本运作等领域做出了卓有成效的工作，得到资本市场的广泛关注与高度认可，李叶青总裁和
board of directors of the company, on
华新水泥荣获“金牛奖”可谓实至名归。
behalf of the company, took the stage
In the past 20 years, under the leadership of Li Yeqing, Huaxin Cement has promoted the reform
to receive the “most valuable
of enterprise mechanism with ideological emancipation, promoted the transformation of enterprise
investment award of the 21st golden
strategy with scientific and technological innovation, and continuously promoted the technological
bull Award”
progress and industrial upgrading of China's cement industry without any distractions, so as to
make Huaxin, a hundred year old factory, continuously rejuvenate. The annual compound growth
rate of the company's main economic indicators has remained nearly 25% for 20 consecutive
years. At the same time, Huaxin Cement's profound operation and management ability and
continuous technological innovation ability, as well as its effective work in the fields of information
disclosure, corporate governance, investor relationship management, capital operation, etc., have 公司“不忘初心、牢记使命”主题教育读书班开班
been widely concerned and highly recognized by the capital market. President Li Yeqing and The company's education reading class with the theme of "never forget your
original mind and keep your mission in mind"offered a course
Huaxin Cement won the "Golden Bull Award" which is worthy of the name.
据了解，在全国3700余家上市公司中，李叶青总裁等22家上市公司董事长荣获2018年度金牛
企业领袖奖，李叶青是湖北省100多家上市公司中唯一获奖的企业家，而华新水泥、格力电
器、白云山、伊利股份、万科A等98家上市公司获得2018年度金牛最具投资价值奖。
It is understood that among more than 3700 listed companies in China, 22 listed companies,
including President Li Yeqing, won the 2018 Golden Bull enterprise leader award. Li Yeqing was
the only entrepreneur among more than 100 listed companies in Hubei Province, while Huaxin
Cement, Gree Electric Appliance, Baiyunshan, Yili Co., Ltd 98 listed companies such as Vanke A
won the best investment value award of Golden Bull in 2018.
在本次论坛上，李叶青总裁作为嘉宾参加了“高质量下的专注与创新新环境下企业如何提升竞
争力”圆桌对话，并接受了新华网和中国证券报记者的专访。李叶青表示，今后将继续致力于
企业转型高质量发展，把华新打造成为在中国领先且具有国际化水平的行业先锋，持续为员
工、股东和社会创造新的更大价值。
At the forum, President Li Yeqing, as a guest, participated in the round table dialogue on "how to
improve the competitiveness of enterprises in the new environment of high-quality concentration
and innovation", and received an exclusive interview with journalists from Xinhuanet and China
Securities News. Li Yeqing said that in the future, he would continue to be committed to the
9月29日上午，公司第一期“不忘初心、牢记使命”主题教育读书班在武汉开班。公司党委书
transformation and high-quality development of enterprises, build Huaxin into a leading and
记、总裁李叶青作开班动员讲话，湖北省委党校原常务副校长马哲军作专题辅导。公司党委理论
international industry leader in China, and continue to create new and greater value for
学习中心组、公司高管、公司主题教育领导小组办公室人员，以及各事业部及各分、子公司中层
employees, shareholders and society.
管理人员、基层党支部书记在主会场和各分会场参加学习。
On the morning of September 29, the company's first education reading class with the theme of
"never forget your original mind and remember your mission" opened in Wuhan. Li Yeqing, Secretary
16 17
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 公司治理 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
of the Party committee and President of the company, made a mobilization speech, and 马哲军以《不忘初心、牢记使命，增强群众工作本领》为题，作了专题辅导。
Ma Zheyun, former executive vice president of the Party School of Hubei provincial Party 他采取互动式课堂教学，坚持问题导向，从“在工作对象研究上提升”“在工
committee, gave special guidance. The theoretical learning center group of the company's
作环境把握上提升”“在工作力量集成上提升”“在工作艺术运用上提升”
Party committee, the company's senior executives, the office personnel of the company's
“在群众工作长效机制建设上提升”等五个方面，讲解了新时代干部应提升的
theme education leading group, as well as the middle-level management personnel and the
八项能力、十一种沟通的艺术、做好群众工作的思路和方法。广阔的理论视
Secretary of the grass-roots Party branch of each business department and each branch
野、丰富的信息容量、鲜活的典型案例，生动的讲解，对党员干部增强群众工
and subsidiary company participated in the learning in the main venue and each branch
作本领、做好新时代群众工作有极大的帮助。
venue.
Ma zhejun gave special guidance under the title of "don't forget your original
李叶青指出，举办读书班是深入学习贯彻习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想的重要要 heart, remember your mission, and enhance the ability of mass work". He
adopted interactive classroom teaching, adhered to problem orientation, and
求，是贯彻落实中央和省市委主题教育工作方案作出的重要安排，也是充分发挥领导干
explained the eight abilities, eleven kinds of communication arts and actions that
部在学习教育中示范带头作用的重要举措，对推进主题教育在公司深入开展具有十分重
cadres should improve in the new era from five aspects: "improving in the
要的意义。各级领导干部要充分认识举办读书班的重要性和必要性，把读书班作为强化
research of working objects", "improving in the grasp of working environment",
理论武装、锤炼党性修养、提升领导能力的有效实践。
"improving in the integration of working forces", "improving in the application of
Li Yeqing pointed out that the holding of reading classes is an important requirement for in-
working arts" and "improving in the construction of long-term mechanism of mass
depth study and implementation of Xi Jinping's new socialist ideology with Chinese
work" good ideas and methods of mass work. Broad theoretical vision, rich
characteristics, an important arrangement for implementing the central and provincial Party
information capacity, vivid typical cases and vivid explanations were of great help
committee's thematic education work plan, and an important measure to give full play to
to Party members and cadres in enhancing their ability of mass work and doing
leading cadres' exemplary role in learning and education, and was very important for
well in mass work in the new era.
promoting the in-depth development of thematic education in China's enterprises. Leading
cadres at all levels should fully understand the importance and necessity of holding reading
在当天的学习班中，大家还学习了《习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想学习
class, and regard it as an effective practice to strengthen theoretical arms, temper party
纲要》开篇文章《习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想是党和国家必须长期坚
spirit cultivation and improve leadership ability.
持的指导思想》，并结合实际就本单位工作进行了交流。大家表示，将把学习
的成果转化为推动公司高质量转型发展的强大动力和正确的思路举措，把开展
就办好这次读书班，李叶青强调：一是增强学习自觉性，高站位认识读书班的重要意
主题教育与实现生产经营目标结合起来，找差距、定措施、抓落实，全面完成
义，自觉参加学习，以上率下，发挥“头雁”作用，带动公司党员干部来一次理论大学
公司生产经营工作目标。
习；二是讲究学习方法，高标准把握读书班的任务要求，原原本本学，带着问题学，联
In the day's study class, we also learned the opening article of "Xi Jinping's
系实际学；三是端正学习风气，高质量确保读书班的实际成效。
learning outline of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era". "Xi
In order to run the reading class well, Li Yeqing stressed that: first, we should enhance our
Jinping's socialist ideology with China's characteristics in China's new era is a
awareness of learning, recognize the importance of reading class in a high position,
guiding ideology that the party and the state must adhere to for a long time".
consciously participate in learning, and play the role of "head geese" at the above rate, so
They said that they would transform the learning achievements into a powerful
as to drive party members and cadres of the company to come to a theoretical study;
driving force and correct thinking measures to promote the high-quality
second, we should pay attention to learning methods, grasp the task requirements of the
transformation and development of the company, combine the theme education
reading class in a high standard, learn the original, with problem learning, and connect with
with the realization of the production and operation objectives, find gaps, set
reality ;the third was to correct the study atmosphere and ensure the actual effect of the
measures and implement them, and comprehensively complete the production
reading class with high quality.
and operation objectives of the company.
18 19
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 环保履责 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES PERFORMANCE IN
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION
清洁生产
Clean Production
公司始终认为，清洁生产才是污染物控制的根本路径，我们一直致力于采用“PDCA”循环模式，最大程度降低有组织排放和
04 环保履责 无组织排放对环境的影响。通过不断强化内部环境监管，采取持续的环境审计策略，促进各分子公司优化污染治理措施，提升
工厂环境业绩。
Huaxin confirm that clean production is the original path on the pollution control , we continuously adopt the “PDCA” recycle
Social Responsibilities Performance
development model , making all the possibilities to reduce the stack and fugitive pollutants emitting into the surrounding . Through
in Environmental Protection constantly strengthening the internal supervision, carrying out the continuous environmental auditor routine to boost subsidies to
optimize the pollution control facilities , finally promoting the environmental performance .
降低污染物排放
Reduction of Pollutant Discharge
由于行业的特殊性，目前水泥企业在矿山开采和生产过程中仍然不可避免地会产生粉尘、二氧化硫、氮氧化物等排放。公司不
断加大环保资金投入，积极推广新技术、新工艺，将先进成熟的技术运用于生产实践中，持续减少经营活动对环境造成的负面
影响，全公司所有主要排放口NOx、SO2及颗粒物排放浓度均达到特别排放限值要求。
Due to the special trait of cement industry, the process of cement manufacture can still not avoid to discharge pollutants , such as
dust , SO2 and NOx . The company steadily enhanced the expenditure on environment protection, positively practiced new
technologies and process and took the advanced and mature technologies on production process , continuously reduced the
作为一家以“清洁我们的生活环境”为使命的环保转型公司，我们结合水泥行业技术发展路线，深化绿色发展理念，全面推行 negative environmental effect the production process brought into ，the emission concentrations of NOx, SO2 and particulate
清洁生产，在污染物控制上，采用最佳污染防治技术，不断优化、提升污染物治理水平；通过水泥生产与固废协同处置结合的 matter at all main outlets of the company meet the requirements of special emission limits.
绿色发展战略，大力建设水泥窑协同处置平台，降低水泥窑化石燃料消耗量，污染物与温室气体减排协同。废水、废渣、废气
和CO2排放量显著下降，积极开展矿山复绿复垦，推进绿色矿山建设，大幅降低对周边环境的影响，做到了美化自身、美化环
大气污染物控制 Air pollutants treatment
境、美化社会，走可持续发展的道路，实现企业与自然的和谐共生。正如公司总裁李叶青所说：“未来，华新展示在世人面前
的是一个环保企业，首先帮助社会解决环境问题，而水泥将成为环保事业的附产品。”
“Clean our living environment” is corporate mission as an environmental protection transformer, combining with the cement -Nox治理
industry technologies development routine , deepening the concept of green development,fully practicing clean production , - NOx treatment
adopting the best available technologies on pollution control , to steadily optimize and enhance the pollutants emission reduction .
Advancing the green development strategies of the combination of cement producing and waste co-processing process, vigorously 公司在原有“低氮燃烧+分级燃烧+SNCR+水泥窑协同处置生物质降氮”技术的基础上，不断对SNCR进行探索优化，采用
developing the kiln co- processing platform to reduce the fossil fuel consumption volume, while generally cut down both the “PID”控制技术对氨水消耗量进行精准控制，采用“CFD”控制技术研究探索氨水最佳喷射点位等方式提升氨水脱硝效
pollutants and the GHG emission.The discharge of waste water, waste residue, waste gas and CO2 has decreased significantly. 率，实现NOx连续稳定排放。
We have actively carried out the reclamation of mines, promoted the construction of green mines, greatly reduced the impact on the Based on the existed technologies like low nitrogen combustion , staged combustion and biomass materials co-processing to
surrounding environment, beautified ourselves, the environment and the society, followed the road of sustainable development, and reduce the nitrogen oxygen , meanwhile explored and optimized the SNCR system , adopted “PID((Proportional Integral
realized the harmonious coexistence of enterprises and nature. As Li Yeqing, President of the company, said, "in the future, Huaxin Derivative)” control technology to realize the accurate controlling on ammonia consumption , used ”CFD(Computational Fluid
is an environmental protection enterprise in front of the world. First of all, it helps the society solve environmental problems, and Dynamics)” technology to seek out the best ammonia injection positions to improve the nitrogen reduction efficiency , to
cement will become an accessory product of environmental protection." steadily and continuously realize NOx emission .
20 21
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 环保履责 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES PERFORMANCE IN
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION
- SO2治理 危险废物管理
- SO2 treatment Hazard waste management
水泥生产工艺的特殊碱性环境，为SO2的吸收创造了有利的条件，在强化原料配料及燃料S含量控制的基础 推行危险废物规范化管理。2019年，公司根据《危险废物规范化管理指标体系》（环办〔2015〕99号）文件精
上，公司积极探索在不利条件下的SO2控制措施，主要为原料磨停机状态下及生料SO3含量突然升高状态下 神，对集团下属各业务单元的危险废物收集、存放、处置等环节提出为严格的管理要求，并对各业务单元危废管
的SO2控制措施，采用复合脱硫、湿法脱硫等手段实现SO2连续稳定排放。 理现场情况实施全面、系统评估，满足规范要求，实现危险废物从“摇篮”到“坟墓”的全生命周期环境影响监
The special alkaline kiln circumstance was a positive SO2 absorbing factor .On the one hand , strengthened 控，将危险废物的影响降至最低。
the Sulphur content control on raw meal and fuel , one the other hand ,positively explored the SO2 control Carried out the normal management of hazard waste .In 2019 , according to the national normal requirements of
measure under the emergency circumstance ,the main control routines are adopting composite desulfurization hazard waste management , we acquired all the subsidies to strictly manage the process of the collection ,storage
and wet desulfurization to realize Continuous and stable discharge of SO2 while the raw mill is stopped or the and disposal hazard waste ,overall and systematically evaluated the management status to ensure all the subsidies
SO3 content suddenly increase . to comply with the regulations，realizing the whole life cycle environmental impact monitoring of hazardous waste
from cradle to grave and minimizing the impact of hazardous waste.
- 颗粒物有组织排放控制 一般固废管理
- Particle emission treatment from the stack Common waste management
为实现颗粒物达到水泥行业大气污染物特别排放限值，甚至是超低排放标准要求，公司通过系统的维修管理 生活垃圾：通过规范员工行为，实现生活垃圾分类收集、定点存放。窑线工厂产生的生活垃圾实现全部入窑处
体系，结合错峰生产、大修、中修等停窑时期，对所有收尘设备进行检查和维护。 同时，以在线监测、自 置，磨线及其他工厂委托地方环卫部门进行清扫与处置。
行监测等手段作为辅助，保证收尘设施始终处于最佳运行状态。对于特殊区域排放限值要求，对收尘器实施 Domestic garbage : changed the staffs’ behavior ,and carried out the trash distribution and located storage . All the
domestic garbage came from the clinker production lines were disposed in own cement kiln systems , also authorized
改造，实现颗粒物稳定排放。
the local environment sanitation to clean and dispose the garbage sourcing from the grinding stations and other
In order to meet with the special emission limit value on air pollution of cement industry ,even the ultra-low
factories .
emission limit value , the company adopt systematic maintenance to check out and fix up all the dedusters ,
一般工业固废：可作为替代原料的，回用于生产系统再利用。不能回用的，寻求有资质的第三方进行合规处置。
combine with staggering production ,annual maintenance and temporary production stopped periods.
Common industry waste: the waste can be reused as alternative raw materials return back to the production system
, the other can not be utilized , search for the certification unit to dispose under the compliance .
通过系统的分类、收集、存放和处置，实现水泥工厂固体废弃物零排放。
- 颗粒物无组织排放控制
Through systematic classification, collection, storage and disposal, zero discharge of solid waste in cement plant can
- Fugitive particle emission controlling
be realized.
在保证物料堆场封闭的同时，通过建设进出场车辆冲洗设施，购置高效雾炮机，配备洒水车等措施对全厂无
组织排放进行控制，降低无组织排放对外部环境的影响。 噪音治理
While ensuring the material pile be closed , to equip vehicle washing facilities ,efficient water fog Nosie abatement
decentralization machines and waterwheel to reduce the fugitive emission to minimize the bad effect on
一是采用低噪音、低振动的生产设备，合理利用地形，采用天然屏障等手段减少噪音源对外部环境的辐射，二是
surroundings.
开展噪音治理，由专业单位设计施工，隔音墙、隔音罩、隔音门等设施有效地降低噪音对周边环境的影响，实现卫
生防护距离范围内环境敏感点及厂界噪音排放满足当地声环境功能区划排放标准的要求。
The priori solution was adopting low noise and vibration equipment ,utilize natural block and landform to block the
noise source exposure to the surroundings .The second choice was to carry out the noise abatement by the
professional units ,build the sound insulation walls, covers, doors and other facilities effectively reduce the impact of
noise on the surrounding，so as to achieve the environmental sensitive points within the health protection distance
and noise at the plant boundary and the sound emission meets the requirements of the emission standard of the
local sound environment function zoning.
22 23
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 环保履责 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES PERFORMANCE IN
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION
持续实施环境审计 市环境监测发布平台和公司外网上公开排放数据，接受社会公众监督。
Continuously implement environmental audit Developed the online pollutants broadcasting platform .equipping the electrical display located in the entrance gate of the
plants, broadcasting the pollutants discharging status in real time to accept the supervision by the local residents and
stakeholders. Overall complied with the national environmental information public guidelines, regularly opened the
在实施环境审计的基础上，公司还设定了环境审计“回头看”，对环境审计发现的问题改进情况实施全面评估与对标，对各业 emission information on national, province and municipal pollution permit platform to accept the public supervision.
务单元的环境管理制度、现场污染防治、矿山复垦等方面实施系统评价，形成环境改进闭环流程，以实现环境绩效的不断提
升。
Based on the environmental audit, we set up a mechanism to review the environmental performance improvement, 不断提升员工与周边社区环保意识
Steadily promoted the environmental protection consciousness of staffs and residents
systematically benchmark the plan and the actual status on environmental management regulations ,pollutants
control on site ,quarry rehabilitation , to form the circle of environmental performance improvement which can steadily - 增强全员环保意识。
promote the environmental performance . 全面推行《环保黄金十条管理规定》，通过视频、宣传栏、培训等手段强化全员环保意识。持续推行环保观察行，强
化全员参与环保管理，创造“环境保护，人人有责”的良好氛围。实施环保专业人员培训，提升其环境守法意识；通
过污染物治理新技术、新措施的宣贯，促进工厂不断完善污染治理水平，提升工厂环境绩效。
严格落实环境监测 Enhanced whole environmental protection consciousness. Entirely carried out the ten golden rules of environmental
Strictly carry out environment monitoring protection , using video , publicity closet and training to enhance the whole environmental protection consciousness.
Continuously implemented environmental observation action , encouraging all the staff to involve in the environmental
报告期内，公司下属各分子公司严格按照国家《排污单位自行监测技术指南 水泥工业（HJ848-2017）》和《排污 protection to create “environmental protection is the duty for each of us ” .Carried out the professional environmental
单位自行监测技术指南 总则(HJ 819 - 2017)》的要求开展自行监测，自行监测项目包括烟尘、二氧化硫、氮氧化物 training for the manager and officer to increase the compliance consciousness . Through the training of the newest
technologies and process to boost the plants to optimize the pollutants abatement level and steadily promote
等，自行监测方式为自动监测与手动监测相结合。所采用的自动监测设备已通过环保部门验收，定期进行烟气比对监
environmental performance.
测，保证设备正常运行和数据正常传输。委托有资质的第三方监测公司进行手动监测，真实反映污染物排放水平。
In 2019 , all the subsidies strictly complied with national regulations to implement environment self-monitoring by
CEMS(continuously emission monitoring system) and manual equipment , the monitoring factors include particle, SO2
and NOx . All the CEMS have been testified by the E&EPB(ecological and environmental protection bureau), and
环保十条黄金规定宣传 2019年度环保管理培训现场
regularly Carry out comparing monitoring to ensure normal operation of equipment and normal data transmission.
Publicity the ten golden rules Environmental management
Entrusted a qualified third-party monitoring company to conduct manual monitoring to truly reflect the pollutant emission of environmental protection training onsite in 2019
level.
-推行工厂环保开放日活动。
通过工厂开放日活动，向公众展示工厂在污染物治理上的努力及改善，接受公众监督。
全面落实环境信息公开
Implemented environmental protection open day activities. To display the effort and the improvement we have done on
Overall publish environmental information
the aspect of pollutants abatement through the pubic day, and accepted the supervision by the surrounding residents.
落实排污许可证执行报告。各水泥工厂严格按照排污许可证申请与核发技术规范的要求，定期在全国排污许可证管理
-开展世界环境日宣传。
信息平台上落实排污许可证季度、月度执行报告，向全社会公开公司主要污染物排放浓度与总量，接受社会监督；
在世界环境日期间，走进社区，向社区居民传递环保知识，提升工厂所在地的环境保护意识。
Implemented the discharge permit executive report. All the cement plants strictly complied with the guidelines of the
Carried out publicity of world environment day. During the World Environment Day, we walked into the community,
pollution sources’ permit application and certification to fill the permit executive annual ,quarterly and monthly reports on
transferred environmental protection knowledge to the community residents, to promote the environmental protection
the pollution permit platform to publish the pollutants’ concentration and emission volume information to accept the
awareness of the local communities.
social supervision .
建设污染物实时播报平台。在厂区大门口等显眼位置设立电子显示屏，实时播报污染物排放情况，接受社区居民等利
益相关方的监督；严格按照《环境信息公开办法》（试行），定期在国家生态环境部排污许可证管理信息平台、各省 6.5世界环境日社区环保知识宣传现场
6.5世界环境日主题活动现场 Site of the environmental knowledge
Site of activities on 5th, june display activities on 5th, june
24 25
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 环保履责 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES PERFORMANCE IN
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION
矿山复垦&生物多样性保护 应对气候变化
Mine reclamation and Biodiversity protection Dealing with climate change
公司始终坚持绿色发展，成立领导小组实施推进绿色矿山建设工作。组织制定了《绿色矿山管理体系》、《绿色矿山目标与方 众所周知，水泥行业是产生温室气体的大户，减排任务艰巨。从华新近年的实践来看，通过大力实施环保战略，在有效节能降
针》、《数字化管理制度》等方案制度，积极贯彻落实“谁损毁、谁复垦”的原则，坚持做好矿山环境的恢复治理、土地复 碳解决温室气体排放问题的同时，开展碳交易获得减排收益，进而推动环保战略实施，二者互促共进，成效非常显著，为水泥
垦、水土保持等工作。 行业开辟出绿色可持续发展的一条新路。
The company always adhered to green development and establishes a leading group to promote the construction of green mines. As we all know that ,the cement industry is one of the biggest GHG emission industries , and have a very arduous emission
We have organized and formulated the "green mine management system", "green mine goals and guidelines", "digital management reduction pressure .Based on the practice of huaxin , with the help of developing co-processing strategy ,while the fossil fuel
system" and other programs and systems, actively implemented the principle of "Whoever damages, who reclaims", and insisted on consumption and GHG emission are reduced ,and through the carbon trading to get the benefits on GHG reduction .The co-
the restoration and management of the mine environment, land reclamation, water and soil conservation, etc. processing strategy and the GHG emission reduction mutually service for each other to create an enormous positive effect,
按照设计，采用阶梯式开采法进行开采，一方面避免形成污水和废土，一方面大力开展植被恢复工作。已经形成的终了平台安 exploring a new and green sustainable development path for the cement industry .
装喷灌和滴管装置，采用管道喷水进行种植浇灌，并选用专业绿化公司安排专人进行维护，确保矿山植被成活率在95%以上，
同时针对矿山公路两旁及厂区实行“见缝插针式”绿化，矿山绿化覆盖率达到可绿化面积的100%。
According to the design, the ladder mining method was adopted for mining, on the one hand, to avoid the formation of sewage and
全力推进环保战略
waste soil, on the other hand, to vigorously carry out vegetation restoration. The formed end platform shall be installed with sprinkler
Make no effort to carry out the co-processing strategy
and burette devices, which shall be planted and watered by pipeline water spraying, and special personnel shall be arranged by
professional greening company for maintenance, so as to ensure the survival rate of the mine vegetation is more than 95%. At the 生活垃圾、市政污泥等固体废弃物经预处理后全部作为水泥生产原燃料，在水泥工厂进行无害化处置。其中生活垃圾、漂浮物
same time, for both sides of the Mine Road and the plant area, the "needle in the eye" greening shall be carried out, and the 等经过预处理，成为垃圾衍生燃料（RDF），代替部分煤炭（1吨RDF含有相当300kg原煤的热值），华新协同处置热替代率
greening coverage rate of the mine shall reach 100% of the greening area.
（替代燃料的热量占熟料生产所消耗全部热量的比例）最高可达到50%，按照《中国水泥生产企业温室气体排放核算方法与报
实施边坡治理工程，建立数字化高边坡在线监测系统、数字化矿山生产调度管理信息系统，借助3DMine软件，形成了三维可视
告指南（试行）》核算，实现减排110千克/吨熟料，单位熟料碳排放降幅约为13%，减排效果实现突破。
化矿山。我们积极改善矿区环境，优化资源开发方式，提高资源综合利用，加强节能减排，科学管理，推进矿山开采“零”排
The co- processing domestic waste, municipal sludge and other solid wastes can be reused for the raw and fuel materials in
废。 cement manufacture process after pre-treatment. The domestic garbage and floating materials (from the three gorges dam) are
With the help of 3DMine software, a three-dimensional visualization mine was formed. We actively improved the mining pretreated to transfer to RDF which can substitute part of the coal consumption ( the heat value of 1 ton RDF is equivalent with 300
environment, optimized the way of resource development, improving the comprehensive utilization of resources, strengthened kilogram raw coal) ,the best TSR(thermal substitution ratio) can be achieved about 50% percent ,according to the GHG accounting
energy conservation and emission reduction, scientific management, promoting "zero" waste discharge in mining. and reporting guidelines for cement industry , the 50% TSR can reduce 110kg CO2 emission per ton clinker , the specific clinker
截止2019年底公司有11家矿山入选全国绿色矿山名录，矿山生态与周边环境协调融合。 CO2 emission reduced about 13% , make a huge break out in the GHG emission reduction in cement industry .
By the end of 2019, 11 mines of the company have been selected into the national green mine list, and the mine ecology and 2019年全公司处置生活垃圾、市政污泥283万吨，其中湖北地区实现碳减排13余万吨，收益近500万元。
surrounding environment are coordinated and integrated. In 2019 ,2.83 million tons of domestic waste and municipal sludge were disposed, and reduced 130,000 tons CO2 emission in hubei
province through the thermal substitution , benefit almost 5,000,000 CNY.
实施碳排放对标管理及内部审计，提升碳资产管理水平
Carry out the carbon emission benchmark management and internal audit ,improve the carbon asset management level
为加强碳资产管理，促进绿色低碳可持续发展战略，实现公司碳减排目标，公司制定了内部碳排放对标管理考核办法，将碳排
放绩效作为水泥工厂业绩考核的一项重要指标，每月实施对标与排序，以实现公司的碳减排目标。
to enhance the carbon asset management ,and promote the green ,low-carbon and sustainable development , realize the carbon
emission reduction target , an internal benchmark and evaluation solution was made to assess the carbon emission performance
华新东骏公司矿山复垦现状 华新西藏公司矿山复垦现状
Quarry rehabilitation on huaxin dongjun plant Quarry rehabilitation on huaxin Tibet plant as an important element of cement key performance index, through the monthly benchmark and ranking, to meet with the carbon
emission reduction target .
26 27
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 环保履责 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES PERFORMANCE IN
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION
公司持续推进碳排放审计工作，特别强化对非试点地区的审计工作，并在审计过程中穿插碳交易能力建设，提升各分子公司的 环境服务
碳资产管理意识和水平，提前为全国市场做准备工作。
Environmental Service
Continuously implemented carbon emission audit, especially strengthened in the no prior area, moreover carried out the training of
carbon asset management knowledge to promote the carbon asset management consciousness, advanced prepare for the
national carbon emission market.
2019年，华新水泥股份有限公司旗下的全资子公司—华新环境工程有限公司接收和处置废弃物303万吨，同比上年增长
47.5%；完成主营业务收入6.04亿元，同比上年增长50.16%。水泥窑协同处置废弃物总量居全国前列，其中生活垃圾210万
吨，占全国同行业总量50%以上；市政污泥73万吨、三峡漂浮物3万吨、危险废物2万吨、其他固废9万吨；实现碳减排约
积极参与全国碳市场建设
360万吨（与填埋相比）。
Positively participate into the national carbon market development
In 2019, Huaxin Environmental Engineering Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Huaxin Cement Co., Ltd., received and
积极参与国家标准《建材行业重点产品温室气体排放限额》（硅酸盐水泥熟料产品部分）的制定，本着对行业负责的态度，对 disposed 3.03 million tons of waste, a year-on-year increase of 47.5%;,the main business income reached 604 million yuan, a year-
on-year increase of 50.16%. The total amount of waste co-processed by cement kilns ranks the top in China, including 2.1 million
标准中非碳酸盐替代原料的界定等关键内容献言献策。
tons of domestic waste, accounting for more than 50% of the total amount of the same industry in the country,730,000 tons of
Positively participated into draft the national regulation” The norm of carbon dioxide emission per unit products of Portland cement
municipal sludge, 30,000 tons of Three Gorges floating debris, 20,000 tons of hazardous waste and 90,000 tons of other solid
clinker”, represented the cement industry with a responsible attitude to make suggestions for the key indicators as possible as we
waste, and about 3.6 million tons of carbon emission reduction (compared with landfills) have been achieved.
can ,such as the definition of alternative raw materials on the norm ,etc.
武汉市20%的生活垃圾、90%的城市污泥由华新进行无害化处置，河南省信阳市、四川省万源市、云南省昭通市和华坪县、以
及湖北省鄂州市、武穴市、十堰市、赤壁市、应城市、秭归县、南漳县和湖南省株洲县、攸县等市县100%的生活垃圾均交给
积极参与试点市场交易，采取灵活的履约策略，实现100%履约 华新处置；湖北省黄石市、宜昌市、大冶市及重庆涪陵100%的生活污泥也由华新进行环保处置。
Actively involved the carbon trading in prior carbon market ,carry out flexible fulfillment strategy and fully comply with the regulations In Wuhan, 20% of domestic garbage and 90% of sewage sludge are dufused by Huaxin. In Xinyang City of Henan Province,
Wanyuan city of Sichuan Province, Zhaotong City and Huaping County of Yunnan Province, as well as Ezhou City, Wuxue City,
公司积极响应国家下发的《生态扶贫工作方案》，向国家扶贫开发工作重点县（湖北境内）竹山、郧西等县市采购大量农村沼
Shiyan City, Chibi City, Yingcheng City, Zigui County, Nanzhang County, Zhuzhou County and you County of Hunan Province,
气CCER，抵消公司工业活动产生的温室气体对环境的影响。
100% of domestic garbage is disposed by Huaxin. Huangshi City ,Yichang city ,Daye county of Hubei Province ,and Fuling district
Actively response to the national ecological “help the poor work project”, purchased CCER from the rural area where are defined of Chongqing, 100% of the domestic sludge was also disposed by Huaxin.
as national key poverty counties in hubei province under “the help the poor” project ,off-set the influence from the cement
production process .
环保生产高效运营
在试点政策的引导下，公司积极探索多种交易手段，通过市场价格走势的判断，采用高抛低吸、配额托管、配额远期交易、
Efficient operation of environmental pretreatment plants
CCER与配额置换、拍卖等多种方式相结合，成功的实现碳资产的保值和增值，有效降低履约成本。
Guiding with the prior carbon policies, the company positively explore multiple trading schemes to make the carbon assets 开展工厂精细化管理，重点关注水汽运行指标，实施工艺优化改造，加强专业技术人员对业务环节的监管；组织各项培训宣
maintenance and value addition, and the compliance expenditure was cut down successfully . These solutions are: implement the 贯，强化操作流程，提高风险防范能力，生产运行效率有效提升。
trading mean “sold allowances in high price level and purchase allowances in low price level” with the help of the judgement of Carrying out refined management on sites, focusing on the operation index of waste water and gases treatment ,implementing the
the price fluctuation, allowances deposit , allowances long-term trading , the off-set between CCER and allowances ,auction ,etc . optimization and transformation of process ,enhancing the internal supervision to all the production process by professional experts
2019履约年度，在湖北、广东、重庆三个试点省市，公司20家下属企业按期、足额上缴配额，实现100%履约，履行企业应对 .Organizing different training ,especially on workflow ,to promote the risk prevention ability ,efficiently upgrade the operation efficiency .
气候变化的责任和承诺。
环保业务蓬勃发展
In 2019, 20 plants located in hubei ,Guangdong and Chongqing were fully complied with the prior regulations ,they handed over the
Efficient operation of environmental service
compliance allowances ,honoring an agreement before the set deadline, to carry out the commitment and responsibilities for the
climate change .
积极拓展业务，在工业危废业务上进行重点突破，成功签约长阳、信阳、郴州、昭通、水城、参天危废项目，当前工业危废环
2019年度，基于全国水泥行业温室气体量化指南，2019年公司吨熟料CO2排放量较上年显著下降。
评批复的处置能力由7万吨提升到40万吨/年；另外，还成功签约长阳、禄劝、东川生活垃圾项目，持续推进环保战略。
In 2019 ,based on the he GHG accounting and reporting guidelines for cement industry ,the specific CO2 emission per ton clinker is
Actively expand waste disposal business, make key breakthroughs in industrial hazardous waste business, and successfully sign
greatly reduced year- on- year .
Changyang, Xinyang, Chenzhou, Zhaotong, Shuicheng, and Cantian hazardous waste projects. At present, the disposal capacity of
industrial hazardous waste which approved by the projects’EIA has been increased from 70,000 tons to 400,000 tons / year. In addition,
Changyang, Luquan, Dongchuan domestic waste projects have been successfully signed ,to continuously promote environmental
protection strategy.
28 29
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 环保履责 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES PERFORMANCE IN
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION
2019年环保签约项目一览表
业绩指标
Eco Projects signed in 2019
Performance Indicators 地区area 项目名称 name 设计规模 design scale (t/d)
生活垃圾&污泥MSW&SS
湖北鹤峰 鹤峰生活垃圾
300
Hubei Hefeng Hefeng MSW project
2019年环保处置能力
湖北长阳 长阳生活垃圾
500
Disposal capacity in 2019 Hubei Changyang Changyang MSW project
湖北巴东 巴东生活垃圾
150
分类项目 生活垃圾 市政污泥 污染土 漂浮物 危废 一般废弃物 总计 Hubei Badong Badong MSW project
item MSW SS CS FM HW IW TOTAL 河南信阳 信阳生活垃圾
1000
Henan Xinyang Xinyang MSW project
处置能力
（含 di 运 sp 营 os /在 al 建 ca ， pa 万 ci 吨 ty ） 421 75 22 7 35 10 570 云南禄劝 禄劝生活垃圾 250
Including operation/ in construction, 10 ktons Yunnan Luqquan Luquan MSW project
云南东川 东川生活垃圾
250
YunnanDongchuan Donghchuan MSW project
西藏山南 山南生活垃圾
250
Tibet Shannan Shannan MSW project
湖北黄石 黄石污泥
200
Hubei Huangshi Huangshi SS project
2019年环保投产项目一览表 河南信阳 信阳污泥
200
Henan Xinyang Xinyang SS project
Eco projects put into operation in year 2019
云南富民 富民污泥
200
Yunnan Fumin Fumin SS project
设计规模
序号 地区 项目名称 投产时间 云南禄劝 禄劝污泥
design scale 270
No. area project name
（吨/天tons/day）
time of operation Yunnan Luquan Luquan SS project
广东恩平 恩平一般固废
200,000t/y
Guangdong Enping Enping general solid waste
湖南株洲 株洲华新环境危废项目
1 35460 2019.9
Hunan Zhuzhou HuaxinECO zhuhzouZZHWproject 湖北大冶 大冶一般固废
200,000t/y
Hubei Daye Daye general solid waste
2 Hu 湖 be 北 i S 十 h 堰 iyan H 华 ua 新 xin 环 E 境 CO （ s 十 hi 堰 ya ） n H 危 W 废 p 项 ro 目 ject 6991 2019.12 Hun 湖 an 南 Z 株 hu 洲 zhou Zhuzho 株 u 洲 ge 一 ne 般 ra 固 l so 废 lid waste 150,000t/y
重庆双桥 双桥一般固废（预处理）
广东恩平 恩平华新环境危废项目 100000t/y
3 94550 2019.12 ChongqiShuangqiao Shuangqiao general solid waste
Guangdong Enping Enping Huaxin ECO HW project
云南昭通 昭通一般固废
10000t/y
湖北宜都 华新环境（宜都）生活垃圾项目 Yunnan Zhaotong Zhaotong general solid waste
4 350 2019.9
Hubei Yidu Huaxin ECO （yidu）MSW project
危废 HW
湖北鄂州 华新环境（鄂州）生活垃圾项目
5 200 2019.11 湖北阳新 阳新危废
Hubei Ezhou Huaxin ECO （ezhou）MSW project 150000t/y
Hubei Yangxin YangXin HW project
湖北武穴 湖北武穴
湖北武穴 华新环境（武穴）生活垃圾项目 28500t/y
6 900（RDF) 2019.8 Hubei Wuxue WuXue HW project
Hubei Wuxue Huaxin ECO （wuxue）MSW project
湖北长阳 长阳危废
50,000t/y
Hubei Changyang Changyang HW project
云南华坪 华坪生活垃圾项目
7 200 2019.7 河南信阳 信阳危废
Yunnan Huaping Huaxin ECO （huaping） MSW project 50,000t/y
Henan Xinyang Xinyang HW project
湖南郴州 郴州危废
重庆云阳 云阳生活垃圾项目 60,000t/y
8 350 2019.12 Hunan Chenzhou Chenzhou HW project
ChongqingYunyang Huaxin ECO (yunyag) MSW project
重庆参天 参天危废（入窑）
750,00t/y
ChongqingCantian Cantian HW project
湖北武穴 华新环境（武穴）垃圾项目（含污泥）
9 Hubei Wuxue Huaxin ECO （wuxue）MSW project 150 2019.8 重庆双桥 双桥危废（预处理） 90000t/y
ChongqiShuangqiao Shuangqiao HW project
10 H 湖 ub 北 ei 宜 Yid 都 ou Hu 华 a 新 xin 环 E 境 CO （ （ 宜 y 都 idu ） ） 污 SS 泥 p 项 ro 目 ject 350 2019.9 Yunn 云 an 南 Z 昭 ha 通 otong Zhaoto 昭 n 通 g H 危 W 废 project 50,000t/y
贵州水城 水城危废
30,000t/y
GuizhouShuicheng Shuicheng HW project
30 31
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 环保履责 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES PERFORMANCE IN
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION
实例
Case Studies
shoulders the responsibility of disposing the floating objects in front of the dam.
In 2010, Huaxin Cement invested more than 50 million yuan and built a cement
守护碧水蓝天 华新秭归公司10年处置三峡漂浮物75万方 kiln with an annual design capacity of 200,000 cubic meters to co-processing
Protect clean water and blue sky, Huaxin Zigui company disposes Three Gorges floating debris in Zigui company. The project adopts the
750,000 cubic meters of Three Gorges floating objects in 10 years technology of ecological collaborative disposal of solid waste by cement kiln
independently developed by Huaxin. Compared with the traditional methods
such as landfill and incineration in the past, the whole disposal process does not
截至2019年12月31日，华新秭归公司圆满完成2019年度三峡漂浮物的处置 discharge any toxic and harmful gases and residues, completely eliminating the
工作，共接收处置三峡漂浮物57864立方米。华新秭归公司水泥窑协同安全 hidden danger of secondary environmental pollution. After treatment, some of
化、无害化、资源化处置三峡漂浮物10年来，共处置三峡漂浮物75万多立方 the floaters are used in cement production as alternative raw fuels, achieving a
win-win effect of floater treatment and energy conservation and emission
米，为保障三峡库区生态环境、航道及电站运行安全做出了积极贡献。
reduction. This project has been listed in the "11th Five Year" National Science
As of December 31, 2019, Huaxin Zigui company has successfully completed
and technology support plan major project demonstration project by the Ministry
the disposal of Three Gorges floating debris in 2019, receiving and disposing
of science and technology of the people's Republic of China.
57,864m3 of Three Gorges floating debris. In the past 10 years, the cement kiln
of Huaxin Zigui Co., Ltd. has cooperated with the safe, harmless and resource-
秭归公司10年来采用先进的水泥窑协同处置技术，安全化、无害化、资源化
based disposal of the Three Gorges floating objects, and has disposed more
处置三峡漂浮物75万多立方米，彻底消除了环境二次污染隐患，为保障三峡
than 750,000 cubic meters of floating objects in total, which has made positive
contributions to the protection of the ecological environment, channel and power 库区生态环境、航道及电站运行安全做出了积极贡献，赢得了各级政府和社会
station operation safety in the Three Gorges Reservoir area. 各界的一致好评。
In the past 10 years, Zigui company has adopted advanced cement kiln
每年汛期，长江上游大量漂浮物被洪水裹挟而下，在三峡大坝附近水域积聚， coprocessing technology to dispose more than 750,000 cubic meters of floating
对库区水面环境和航运安全造成严重影响。华新水泥秭归公司位于三峡坝前的 objects in the Three Gorges area safely, innocuously and resourcefully,
秭归县，肩负起坝前江面漂浮物的处置重任。2010年华新水泥投资5000余万 completely eliminating the potential of secondary environmental pollution, making
positive contributions to ensuring the ecological environment, channel and
元，在秭归公司配套建成了年设计处理能力20万立方米的水泥窑协同处置三
power station operation safety in the three Gorges Reservoir area, and winning
峡漂浮物项目。该项目采用华新自主研发的水泥窑生态化协同处置固废技术，
unanimous praise from governments at all levels and all sectors of society.
与过去采用填埋、焚烧等传统方式相比，整个处置过程不排放任何有毒有害气
体和残渣，彻底消除了环境二次污染隐患。经过处理后的部分漂浮物作为可替
代原燃料被用于水泥生产，实现了漂浮物处理和节能减排的双赢效果，这一项
目被国家科技部列入“十一五”国家科技支撑计划重大项目示范工程。
During the flood season every year, a large number of floating objects in the
upper reaches of the Yangtze River are trapped by the flood and accumulate in
the waters near the Three Gorges Dam, which has a serious impact on the
water surface environment and shipping safety of the reservoir area. Located in
Zigui County in front of the Three Gorges Dam, Huaxin Cement Zigui company
32 33
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 环保履责 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES PERFORMANCE IN
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION
年降氮608吨！华新宜都水泥窑协同项目建成投产 十堰危废及污泥处置项目成功试生产为环保再添利器
Huaxin Yidu cement kiln co-processing project put into operation, 608 tons nitrogen oxygens reduced The successful trial production of Shiyan hazardous waste and sludge disposal project is a new tool for
annually environmental protection
6月21日，华新宜都水泥窑协同生态预处理项目建成投产， valuable experience for the collaborative disposal of 今年5月 ,华新环境十堰危废及污泥处置项目分别成功试生 solving the problems of odor, leachate, waste residue, toxic
今后每年可处置当地生活垃圾近13万吨，实现垃圾集中资源 municipal sludge and municipal solid waste by Huaxin 产，为公司环保转型发展再添新动力，同时将有效解决十堰 and harmful gas emission of traditional waste disposal, and
Cement Kiln. Yidu is not only the first place for Huaxin to go has been supported and affirmed by Shiyan Municipal Party
化、无害化、减量化处理。宜都市市长谭建国、副市长龙顶 地区城市污泥及危险废物处置能力紧缺现状。
out of Huangshi and grow stronger, but also the birthplace committee and municipal government. The hazardous
泉，以及市主管部门领导与公司领导袁德足、杨宏兵等参加 In May, 2019, Huaxin environment Shiyan hazardous waste
of the company's green ecological transformation and leap waste disposal project uses the cement kiln of Yunxian
and sludge disposal projects were successfully trial produced,
了简短而隆重的投产仪式。
forward sustainable development. The newly built cement cement factory for harmless, reduction and resource-based
adding new engine to the company's environmental
On June 21, Huaxin Yidu cement kiln collaborative ecological
kiln collaborative ecological pretreatment project will further collaborative disposal. After putting into operation, 11 types
transformation and development, and effectively solving the
pre-treatment project was completed and put into operation. In
improve and clean the urban environment. of hazardous waste can be treated, with a treatment scale
current situation of the shortage of municipal sludge and
the future, it can dispose nearly 130,000 tons of local domestic
宜都副市长龙顶泉对宜都水泥窑协同生态预处理项目寄予 of 7000 tons / year. The sludge disposal project also
hazardous waste disposal capacity in Shiyan area.
garbage every year, realizing centralized resource, harmless
期望。他表示，该项目对人居环境质量改善、土地资源集 十堰市地处秦巴山区汉水谷地，是南水北调中线工程水源 completed the trial firing in May. During the trial firing
and reduction treatment of garbage. mayor of Yidu City Tan
process, the performance was stable and good, the
Jianguo, vice mayor long Dingquan, Yuan dezu(vice president 约利用等方面均有积极意义，具有良好的环境效益和社会 区。随着十堰市城市建设快速发展，城市生活垃圾量及危险
environmental protection emission data was normal, and the
of huaxin cement), Yang Hongbing(vice president of huaxin 效益，在宜都市经历了16年发展和沉淀的华新人，在今天 废弃物激增，原仅有的十堰市城区西部垃圾处理场已难以满
expected goal was achieved. The treatment capacity was
cement),and leaders from the municipal competent department 又一次焕发出了新的青春和活力！ 足城市生活垃圾增长无害化处理的需求。华新环境十堰公司
200 tons / day.
attended the brief and grand launch ceremony. Longdingquan, vice mayor of Yidu, expects the collaborative
成立于2017年元月，可处置生活垃圾、污泥和危险废弃物。
十堰环保协同生活垃圾、生活污泥、危险废弃物处置三大
该项目总投资8500万元，建设规模为350吨/天，年节约煤炭 ecological Pretreatment Project of Yidu cement kiln. He said
生活垃圾处置项目已于2018年9月投产,设计能力1000吨/
环保利器，对构建资源节约型和环境友好型社会具有重要
约2.5万余吨，减排二氧化碳19.5万吨，氮氧化物608吨，二 that the project has positive significance in improving the
天，有效解决了传统垃圾处置的恶臭、渗滤液、废渣、有毒
意义，不仅为十堰市政部门和环保部门解决了各类废弃物
quality of human settlements, intensive use of land
氧化硫15吨，为当地“节能减排”做出较大的贡献。
有害气体排放等难题，得到了十堰市市委、市政府的支持和
resources and other aspects, and has good environmental 的处置难题，也为公司环保转型发展、经济效益提升再添
The total investment of the project was 85 million yuan, the co-
肯定。危险废弃物处置项目利用郧县水泥工厂水泥窑无害
and social benefits. Huaxin company had experienced 16 新动力，在生产出高质量、高技术的建材产品同时，为社
processing capacity was 350 tons / day, about 25,000 tons
coal will be saved, 195,000 tons carbon dioxide emission , 608 years of development and precipitation in Yidu City have 化、减量化、资源化协同处置，投产后可处理11类危险废弃 会提供双重服务。
tons nitrogen oxide,15tons sulfur dioxide will be reduced, which renewed their youth and vitality today! 物，处理规模为7000吨/年。污泥处置项目也于5月份完成试 Shiyan environmental protection cooperates with domestic
will make a great contribution to the local "energy conservation 近年来，宜都市始终坚持把生态文明建设作为加快转变经 烧，试烧过程中各项性能稳定较好，环保排放数据正常，达 garbage, domestic sludge and hazardous waste disposal,
and emission reduction". 济发展方式的重要着力点。作为水泥行业的环保先锋，华 到了预期目标，处理能力为200吨/天。 which was of great significance for building a resource-
投产仪式上，公司副总裁、华新环境工程公司董事长杨宏兵 新将以此为新的起点，坚定不移地坚持绿色发展理念，秉 Shiyan City, located in Hanshui valley of Qinba mountain area, saving and environment-friendly society. It would not only
在致辞中表示，2008年，华新在宜都建设了国内首个湿污泥 持高度的社会责任感，用实际行动来为宜都市“国家森林 is the water source area of the Middle Route Project of South solve all kinds of waste disposal problems for Shiyan
直接入窑处置项目，并取得了较好的社会反响，为华新水泥 城市”建设做出更大的贡献。 to north water transfer. With the rapid development of urban Municipal Department and environmental protection
construction in Shiyan City, the amount of municipal solid waste department, but also adds new impetus for the company's
窑协同处置市政污泥及城市固体废弃物积累了宝贵的经验。 In recent years, Yidu city has always adhered to the
and hazardous waste has increased rapidly. The original only environmental transformation and development and
construction of ecological civilization as an important focus
宜都不仅是华新走出黄石走向发展壮大的首发地，更是公司
garbage disposal site in the west of Shiyan City has been economic benefit promotion, and produces high-quality and
to accelerate the transformation of economic development
绿色生态化转型和跨越式可持续发展的发祥地，新建成的水
unable to meet the demand of harmless treatment of the high-tech At the same time, building materials products
mode. As the environmental protection pioneer of cement
泥窑协同生态预处理项目，将进一步改善和清洁城市环境。 growth of municipal solid waste. Founded in January 2017, provide dual services for the society.
industry, Huaxin will take this as a new starting point,
At the launch ceremony, Yang Hongbing, vice president of the
Huaxin environment Shiyan company can dispose of domestic
unswervingly adhere to the concept of green development,
company and chairman of Huaxin environmental engineering
waste, sludge and hazardous waste. The domestic waste
uphold a high sense of social responsibility, and make
company, said in his speech that in 2008, Huaxin had built the
disposal project has been put into operation in September
greater contributions to the construction of "National Forest
first domestic wet sludge disposal project directly into the kiln in
2018, with a design capacity of 1000 tons / day, effectively
City" suitable for the city with practical actions.
Yidu, which had a good social response and accumulated
34 35
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 环保履责 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES PERFORMANCE IN
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION
2019年长江绿博会上华新环保引关注 本次论坛旨在促进长江经济带产业转型与绿色发展，推动《长江经济带生态环境保护规划》落
Huaxin ECO attracted attention at the 2019 Yangtze River Green Expo 实，总结经验，交流思想，研究对策，为沿江省市提供一个展示生态环保成就和绿色发展成果的
高端平台。会上，专家代表分别就落实长江经济带生态环境保护规划、带动提升中国绿色发展水
平、加快建设长江绿色城市群、推动长江经济带高质量发展等发表了主题演讲。
The purpose of this forum was to promote the industrial transformation and green development of the
Yangtze River economic belt, promote the implementation of the ecological environment protection
plan of the Yangtze River economic belt, summarize experience, exchange ideas and research
strategies, and provide a high-end platform for provinces and cities along the Yangtze River to
display achievements in ecological environment protection and green development. At the meeting,
the expert representatives delivered keynote speeches on the implementation of the ecological
environment protection plan of the Yangtze River economic belt, the promotion of China's green
development level, the acceleration of the construction of the Yangtze River green city cluster, and
the promotion of high-quality development of the Yangtze River economic belt.
在会展中心，华新环境工程有限公司展位吸引了众多与会人员的极大关注。胡保林等一行驻足了
解华新在环保领域的先进技术与成果。公司副总裁、华新环境工程有限公司董事长杨宏兵向胡保
林等讲解了华新水泥窑协同处置技术与合作模式，该技术将生活垃圾或城市市政淤泥等垃圾收集
后，在水泥生产过程中进行处理，转变为水泥生产的替代燃料和原料配料，能有效避免对环境造
成二次污染，彻底实现了无害化与资源化。胡保林对华新积极研发技术破解环保难题给予了充分
肯定。当与会人员得知该技术获得了国家科学技术进步二等奖后，纷纷表示出了浓厚的兴趣。
In the exhibition center, the booth of Huaxin Environmental Engineering Co., Ltd. attracted great
attention of many participants. Hu Baolin and other members stopped to learn about Huaxin's
advanced technology and achievements in the field of environmental protection. Yang Hongbing, vice
president of the company and chairman of Huaxin Environmental Engineering Co., Ltd., explained
5月24-26日，由中国环境报社、生态环境部环境与经济政策研究中心、湖北省生态环
the collaborative disposal technology and cooperation mode of Huaxin Cement Kiln to Hu Baolin and
境厅联合举办的《2019年长江经济带生态环境保护与绿色发展论坛暨博览会》在武汉
others. The technology collects domestic waste or municipal sludge and other wastes, and then
光谷科技会展中心召开。原国务院三峡办副主任、环境保护部党组成员胡保林，生态环
processes them in the cement production process, and transforms them into alternative fuel and raw
境部环境与经济政策研究中心主任吴舜泽、中国人民大学长江经济带研究院院长罗来军
material ingredients for cement production, which can effectively avoid secondary pollution to the
等专家及沿江11省市政府领导、环保企业家等出席。
environment At the end of the paper, innocuity and resource are realized. Hu Baolin fully affirmed
On May 24-26, the 2019 Yangtze River Economic Belt ecological environment protection
Huaxin's active research and development of technology to solve environmental protection problems.
and green development forum and Expo jointly held by China Environmental News
When the participants learned that the technology won the second prize of national science and
Agency, the research center of environment and economic policy of the Ministry of
technology progress, they expressed strong interest.
ecological environment and the Department of ecological environment of Hubei Province
在三天的展会中，华新环境共接待各类参展专家、与会代表、意向客户近300余人次，充分向大家
was held in Wuhan Guanggu science and Technology Exhibition Center. Hu Baolin,
展示了华新环境的技术优势、企业规模及企业形象。作为参展商，华新环境也借此机会充分了解
former deputy director of the Three Gorges Office of the State Council and member of the
了目前的行业现状、技术水平和规模实力等信息。
Party group of the Ministry of environmental protection, Wu shunze, director of the
In the three-day exhibition, Huaxin ECO received nearly 300 people of all kinds of participating
Research Center for environment and economic policy of the Ministry of ecological
experts, representatives and interested customers, and fully demonstrated the technical advantages,
environment, Luo Laijun, President of the Yangtze River Economic Belt Research
enterprise scale and corporate image of Huaxin ECO. As an exhibitor, Huaxin environment also took
Institute of the people's University of China and other experts, as well as leaders of 11
this opportunity to fully understand the current industry status, technical level and scale strength and
provincial and municipal governments and environmental entrepreneurs along the river
other information.
attended.
36 37
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 健康安全履责 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY PERFORMANCE IN
SAFETY AND HEALTH
安全培训
Safety training
05 健康安全履责 组织开展健康安全人员能力提升培训
Organize and carry out training on the ability improvement of health and safety
personnel
Social Responsibility Performance
in Safety and Health
2019年，公司组织实施健康与安全现场主题专家TtT培训项目，涵盖HSMS法律法规、料堆安全
管理、道路安全Ⅲ、用电安全、矿山安全以及安全标准补充等6个主题项目；全年为事业部提供
40余场TtT现场培训，公司所有现场健康安全经理及相关管理人员共计1350人次参加了培
训，全面提升公司健康安全管理人员的专业素质和管理能力。为强化项目施工现场安全管理，公
司为各事业部项目经理及项目安全管理人员37人举办专题项目安全管理研讨班，使学员进一步掌
握项目安全管理体系及现场安全管理方法。选拔12名公司健康安全管理人员赴上海参加防御性驾
驶取证培训，作为公司后续在全公司范围内组织开展防御性驾驶培训的种子培训师，提升公司安
全驾驶水平。
In 2019, the company organized and implemented the on-site health and safety subject expert TtT
training project, covering six subject projects, such as HSMS laws and regulations, stockpile safety
management, road safety Ⅲ, electricity safety, mine safety and safety standard supplement. In the
whole year, it provided more than 40 on-site TtT training for the business unit, with 1350 person
times of all on-site health and safety managers and relevant management personnel of the
company Training to comprehensively improve the professional quality and management ability of
2019年，我们持续推进健康安全培训，强化健康安全管控，大力开
the company's health and safety management personnel. In order to strengthen the safety
展健康安全活动，不断提升各级员工的健康安全意识和习惯，营造 management of the project construction site, the company held a special project safety
management seminar for 37 project managers and project safety management personnel of each
健康安全的工作环境，促进了公司的健康安全管理稳步向前发展。
business unit, so that the trainees could further master the project safety management system and
In 2019, we continued to promote health and safety training,
site safety management methods. 12 health and safety management personnel of the company
strengthened health and safety control, vigorously carried out were selected to attend the defensive driving certification training in Shanghai, as the seed trainer of
the company to organize defensive driving training in the whole company, so as to improve the safe
health and safety activities, constantly improved the health and
driving level of the company.
safety awareness and habits of employees at all levels, 提供职业健康与工业卫生面对面讲解式主题培训共20个，培训1199人，累计10564小时；81家
created a healthy and safe working environment, and 工厂完成一对一体验式培训，其中呼吸器适合性测试培训2462人，护听器适合性测试培训
1908人。
promoted the steady development of the company's health
There were 20 face-to-face explanation trainings on occupational health and industrial health, with
and safety management.
1199 trainees, totaling 10564 hours; 81 factories have completed one-to-one training, including
2462 training on respirator suitability test and 1908 training on hearing protector suitability test.
38 39
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 健康安全履责 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY PERFORMANCE IN
SAFETY AND HEALTH
持续推行、实施“iSave ”十条青铜规定 健康安全信息数字化建设提速
Continue to carry out and implement "iSave" ten bronze regulations Speed up the digital construction of health and safety information
2019年，为不断提高员工、合同方的健康安 2019年，公司在企业微信创享平台新开设了应用课堂-安全培训在线课程，iSave黄金/白银/青铜系列规定海
全知识和技能，持续改善现场的健康安全状 报、释义与视频、安全TTT培训主题课程等上线，拓宽了安全教育培训渠道，方便员工学习。加快完善华新云盘
况，减少和避免事故的发生，公司继推出安 总部健康安全信息管理平台的手册、目录、内容录入的优化，完善事业部和工厂健康安全信息管理平台框架的搭
全规程黄金十条和白银十条规定后再次全面 建和9个事业部129个工厂约20000个大小文件夹内容的初步录入。
推行iSave十条青铜规定。推进实施零工亡 In 2019, the company opened a new online course of application classroom security training on the enterprise
SWAT项目-料堆安全管理。 wechat creation and sharing platform, and isave gold / silver / bronze series stipulated posters, interpretation and
In 2019, in order to continuously improve the video, security TTT training theme courses, etc. were online, which widened the channel of security education and
health and safety knowledge and skills of training and facilitated employees' learning. Accelerated the optimization of the manual, catalog and content input of
employees and contractors, continuously the health and safety information management platform of Huaxin cloud disk headquarters, improved the
improve the health and safety status of the establishment of the framework of the health and safety information management platform of the business unit and
site, reduce and avoid accidents, after the the factory, and the preliminary input of about 20000 folders and contents of 129 factories of 9 business units.
introduction of the ten rules of gold and silver,
the company once again fully implemented
the ten rules of iSave bronze. Promote the
大力开展健康安全月活动
implementation of SWAT project - material
Vigorously carry out Health and Safety Month activities
pile safety management.
司内网、微信平台、华新报等得到大力宣传和推广，全面提
持续改进和管控作业风险 高了员工健康安全意识和自我防护能力，公司健康安全管理
Continuous improvement and control of operational risks
水平再上新台阶。
In 2019, according to the requirements of national safety
production month and LafargeHolcim's "2019 global health
2019年，公司职业健康与安全部制定了6大工作举措优化风险分析及工作许可表格，每月对隐患和 and safety month", we carried out Health and Safety Month
事故进行详细的风险分析；分享案例和事故教训；加强隐患整改；创新完善安全隐患奖励工作，多 activities throughout the company, continuously and
comprehensively publicized and implemented the company's
方位全角度进行作业风险管控，进一步推动作业前风险分析与评估管理工作落地。
safety culture of "health and safety are our core values",
In 2019, the occupational health and safety department of the company formulated six major work
2019健康安全月启动会现场
Site of kick-off meeting of"2019 global health and safety month" continuously improved the health and safety awareness of all
measures to optimize risk analysis and work permit form, and carried out detailed risk analysis on
employees, promoted continuous improvement of health and
hidden dangers and accidents every month; shared cases and lessons from accidents; strengthened 2019年，根据国家安全生产月及拉豪
safety, and created a healthy and safe working environment,
hidden danger rectification; innovated and improved the reward work of safety hidden dangers, carried “2019年全球健康安全月”的要求，在全公
the excellent practices, experience and typical cases in the
out operation risk management and control from all aspects, and further promoted pre operation risk
司范围内开展健康安全月活动，持续全方位宣
activity were vigorously publicized and promoted through the
analysis and assessment management Work landing.
贯公司“健康与安全是我们的核心价值观”的
company's intranet, wechat platform, Huaxin news, etc.,
安全文化，不断提升全员健康安全意识，推动
comprehensively improving the health and safety awareness
健康与安全持续改进，营造健康安全的工作环 and self-protection ability of employees, and the company's
境，活动中优秀做法、经验、典型事例通过公 health and safety management level went to a new level.
40 41
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 健康安全履责 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY PERFORMANCE IN
SAFETY AND HEALTH
启动实施“我成长”健康安全管理项目 加大健康安全审计工作力度
Launch and implement "I grow" health and safety management project Strengthen health and safety audit
2019年4月份，公司启动第一批“我成长”试点项目，旨在从组织、 2019年，组织完成23家水泥工厂健康安全审计。建立和推动环保、混凝土等小型工厂“世界级”安全管理体系，并完
领导力和领先目标、行为、整洁度及设备等层面，从健康安全管理制 成63次“世界级”安全评审工作。全年生产、维修、健康安全各级管理人员308人次参加健康安全审计工作，通过以审
度执行落实、关注和改变员工和合同方人员的不安全行为等“软件” 代训工作使安全管理能力得到双向提升。参与“我成熟、我成长”健康与安全管理改善项目的辅导工作，进行了500人
方面，进一步推动工厂的安全管理，使工厂逐步发展到“我成熟”阶 次现场健康与安全管理工作的支持。
段。 In 2019, 23 health and safety audits of cement plants have been organized and completed. Established and promoted the
In April 2019, the company launched the first batch of "I grow" pilot "world-class" safety management system for small factories such as environmental protection and concrete, and completed
projects, aiming to further promote the safety management of the 63 "world-class" safety reviews. In the whole year, 308 management personnel at all levels of production, maintenance and
factory from the aspects of organization, leadership, leading objectives, health and safety participated in the health and safety audit work, and the safety management ability was improved in two
behavior, cleanliness and equipment, from the implementation of the ways by substituting audit for training. Participated in the counseling work of the "I am mature and I grow" health and safety
health and safety management system, from the aspect of "software" management improvement project, and supported the on-site health and safety management work by 500 people.
such as paying attention to and changing the unsafe behaviors of
西藏区域项目启动会现场
Site of Tibet Regional project kick-off meeting
employees and personnel of the contract party, so as to gradually
develop the factory into a "I become" mature stage.
职业健康与工业卫生工作大步推进
Vigorously promote the work of occupational health and industrial health
应急管理工作
Emergency management
2019年，公司90%工厂员工职业性体检及职业健康档案基本合规。全年参加在职职业健康体检的自有员工和合同方员
工总人数8100余人，95%的工厂完成现场职业危害因素检测。截止2019年，全公司7个工厂共投入约3300万元完成自
动化包装上车系统改造；自2017年至今共完成215个粉尘治理项目，新增及利用旧收尘器99台，投入经费约5000余
2019年，公司全面落实“安全第一，预防为主”的安全管理方针， 万，部分工厂包装上车区域粉尘控制效果达到90%。目前，所有工厂在粉尘区域工作的员工均强制性佩戴防护效率至少
建立健全应急管理体系，进一步修订完善安全应急救援预案，规范应 90%以上的过滤式呼吸器。完成降噪项目56个，投入经费1500余万，现场环境噪声有明显改善。完成人机工程改善项
急救援管理，认真开展安全预案演练及应急管理培训，加大应急管理 目113个，投入经费314余万，基本消除包装袋人工搬运上楼现象。
设施投入，落实企业安全主体责任，提升公司应急管理能力与事故防 In 2019, 90% of the company's factory employees' occupational physical examination and occupational health files were
basically compliant. The total number of employees of the company and the contract party participating in the on-the-job
控水平。
occupational health examination in the whole year is more than 8100, and 95% of the factory has completed the on-site
In 2019, the company fully implemented the safety management policy
occupational hazard factor test. By 2019, 7 factories of the company have invested about 33 million yuan to complete the
of "safety first, prevention first", established and improved the
transformation of automatic packaging vehicle system; since 2017, 215 dust control projects have been completed, 99 old
emergency management system, further revised and improved the
dust collectors have been added and utilized, with an investment of more than 50 million yuan, and the dust control effect of
safety emergency rescue plan, standardized the emergency rescue
some factories in packaging vehicle area has reached 90%. At present, all employees working in the dust area of the
management, conscientiously carried out the safety plan drill and
factory are required to wear filter respirators with a protection efficiency of at least 90%. 56 noise reduction projects have
emergency management training, increased the input of emergency
华新总部2019年消防安全应急演练
been completed with an investment of more than 15 million yuan, and the environmental noise on site has been significantly
Fire safety emergency drill of Huaxin headquarters in 2019 management facilities, implemented the main responsibility of
improved. 113 man-machine engineering improvement projects have been completed, with an investment of more than
enterprise safety, and improved the company's emergency
3.14 million yuan, and the phenomenon of manual handling of packaging bags upstairs has been basically eliminated.
management ability and accident prevention and control level.
42 43
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 健康安全履责 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY PERFORMANCE IN
SAFETY AND HEALTH
实例
业绩指标
Case Studies
Performance Indicators
赤壁华新荣获“咸宁市安全生产红旗单位”称号
Chibi Huaxin won the title of "red banner unit of safety production in
安全生产投入情况（万元） 劳保用品投入情况（万元） Xianning City"
Safety investment (10 thousand RMB) PPE investment (10 thousand RMB)
3月13日，在咸宁市2018年全市经信系统安全生产工作总结暨2019年工作安排部署会议上，
30000 华新水泥（赤壁）有限公司荣获“2018年度工业（冶金）、煤炭电力领域安全生产红旗单位”
31335 4000
28239 3616 称号。
30000
3500
On March 13, at the 2018 work summary and 2019 work arrangement and deployment
25000 3000
meeting of Xianning City's economic and information system, Huaxin Cement (Chibi)
2500
20000 Co., Ltd. won the title of "2018 red flag unit of work safety in the field of industry
14992 2000 (metallurgy) and coal power".
15000 1652
1500 近年来，该公司高度重视安全生产工作，牢固树立“生命安全大于天”的安全发展理念，认真
1232
10000 贯彻落实省市安监局各项决策部署，切实履行好企业安全管理职责。积极深化开展企业安全文
1000
化建设工作，以安全文化创建的评定标准作为企业安全生产管理工作行动指南；大力开展宣传
5000 500
教育、完善安全管理制度、签订安全责任书、实行安全生产标准化考核、制定安全绩效考核标
0
0
准，落实责任机制，深化隐患排查整改。
2017 2018 2019
2017 2018 2019
In recent years, the company has attached great importance to work safety, firmly establishing the
safety development concept of "life safety is greater than day", conscientiously implementing the
decision-making and deployment of provincial and municipal safety supervision bureaus, and
earnestly performing the responsibility of enterprise safety management. They actively deepened
百万工时损失事故率 工亡事故数据（人）
the construction of enterprise safety culture, took the evaluation standard of safety culture
Accident rate per million work hours Fatalities （person）
creation as the operation guide of enterprise safety production management; vigorously carried
0.5 9 out publicity and education, improved safety management system, signed safety responsibility
0.47
0.45 8 0 letter, implemented safety production standardization assessment, developed safety performance
0.4 7 assessment standard, implemented responsibility mechanism, and deepened hidden danger
0.35
0.35
investigation and rectification.
0.3
5 2 安全管理工作是一项只有起点，没有终点的系统管理工作，该公司将认真贯彻《安全生产
0.25
8 法》，进一步完善安全标准规范及安全监管体系，加强安全教育培训，深化安全生产专项整
0.2 0.17
3 治，为实现公司转型发展积极贡献，促进公司健康安全稳定快速发展。
0.15
3
0.1 2 0 Safety management was a systematic management work with only a starting point and no end
0.05 1 2 point. The company would earnestly implement the work safety law, further improve the safety
1
0 0 0 standards and regulations and safety supervision system, strengthen safety education and
2017 2018 2019 2017 2018 2019 training, deepen the special rectification of work safety, make positive contributions to the
transformation and development of the company, and promote the stable and rapid development
of the company's health and safety.
44 45
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 健康安全履责 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY PERFORMANCE IN
SAFETY AND HEALTH
参天公司茨竹园矿山荣获“非煤矿山安全生产标准化二级企业”称号 华湘环保公司再次荣获湘潭市高新区“年度安全生产工作先进单位”称号
Cizhuyuan mine of the Cantian company won the title of "non coal mine Huaxiang environmental protection company once again won the title of "advanced
safety production standardization secondary enterprise" unit of annual work safety" in Xiangtan high tech Zone
今年4月，湘潭市高新区安全生产委员会下发《关于2018年全区安全生产工作考核结果的通报》，华湘环保
公司荣获“2018年度高新区安全生产工作先进单位”称号，这是该公司再次获此殊荣。
In April this year, the work safety committee of Xiangtan high tech Zone issued the notice on the assessment
results of work safety in the whole zone in 2018. Huaxiang environmental protection company was awarded the
title of "advanced unit of work safety in the high tech Zone in 2018", which was another honor for the company.
华湘环保公司一是严格秉承“重环保、保安全、发挥资源优势、实现互利共赢”和“以人为本、安全发展”
理念，把安全生产放在公司工作首要位置，严格贯彻、落实省、市及股东双方关于加强安全生产工作的文件
精神及部署，从思想认识、主体责任落实、安全基础建设、切实预防生产安全事故发生等方面强化安全工作
措施、部署；二是坚持“安全第一、预防为主、综合治理”的工作方针，以创建国家安全生产标准化一级企
业为契机，扎实推进“十条黄金规定”、职业健康安全管理等各项活动，扎实抓好安全生产大检查、专项整
治、隐患治理、培训学习、消防及各项应急演练，严守安全底线，严格落实安全责任等重点工作不放松；三
是进一步落实“党政同责、一岗双责”，在提高安全生产认识、强化安全生产措施、落实安全生产责任、履
今年5月，经重庆市永川区应急管局和各专家综合评审，参天公司茨竹园矿山顺利通过了非煤矿
行安全生产监管职责等方面狠下工夫，认真总结安全管理工作经验、理清工作思路、夯实基础管理，强化安
山安全生产标准化二级企业评审，被授予“非煤矿山安全生产标准化二级企业”称号，并颁发
全隐患排查、治理，建立安全生产工作长效机制，形成安全工作“时时抓、事事抓、人人抓”的管理格局，
铭牌。
确保公司安全生产形势“可控、在控、能控”的持续稳定发展，为全体员工的安全健康和企业的稳定发展提
In May this year, through the comprehensive evaluation of Chongqing Yongchuan District
Emergency Management Bureau and various experts, the cizhuyuan mine of Cantian company 供强有力的安全保障。
successfully passed the evaluation of non coal mine safety production standardization level II Firstly, Huaxiang environmental protection Co., Ltd. strictly adhered to the concepts of "environmental
enterprise, and was awarded the title of "non coal mine safety production standardization level II protection, safety, resource advantage, mutual benefit and win-win" and "people-oriented, safety development",
enterprise" and the nameplate. put safety production in the first place of the company's work, strictly implemented and the document spirit and
参天矿山在标准化创建过程中将安全生产管理工作从资料管理和现场管理两方面入手，涵盖制 deployment of the provincial, municipal and shareholders on strengthening safety production, from the
度、责任制、规程、培训、安全投入、应急演练、安全设施等因素，识别和控制各项风险，制 perspective of ideological understanding, implementation of main responsibilities, and safety basis
strengthened the safety work measures and deployment in terms of infrastructure construction and practical
定了安全标准化工作方案，进一步分解任务、落实责任到个人，使安全标准化工作分步骤有序
prevention of production safety accidents; secondly, adhered to the working policy of "safety first, prevention
实施。最终在参天矿山标准化创建小组成员的辛勤付出和专家专业指导下，参天矿山以87.8分
first and comprehensive management", took the opportunity of building a national first-class enterprise of safety
永川区排名第一的优异成绩顺利通过非煤矿山安全生产标准化二级企业评审。
production standardization, solidly promoted the "Ten Golden Rules", occupational health and safety
In the process of standardization establishment, the safety production management of Cantian
management and other activities, and did a good job in safety production inspection special rectification, hidden
mine started from data management and on-site management, covering system, responsibility
danger treatment, training and learning, fire fighting and emergency drills, strictly abided by the safety bottom
system, procedures, training, safety input, emergency drill, safety facilities and other factors,
line, strictly implemented safety responsibility and other key work; thirdly, further implemented "the same
identifying and controlling various risks, formulating safety standardization work plan, further
responsibility of the party and the government, one post with two responsibilities", made great efforts to improve
decomposing tasks, implementing responsibilities to individuals, and making safety standardization
the awareness of safety production, strengthen safety production measures, implement safety production
and the work was carried out step by step. Finally, with the hard work of the members of the
responsibility, perform safety production supervision responsibility, etc and summarized the work experience of
standardization establishment team and the professional guidance of experts, the company
safety management, clarified the work ideas, consolidated the basic management, strengthened the
successfully passed the evaluation of non coal mine safety production standardization level II
investigation and management of potential safety hazards, establishing a long-term mechanism of safety
enterprise with the first place in Yongchuan District of 87.8 points.
production, forming a management pattern of "always, everything and everyone" in safety work, ensuring the
sustainable and stable development of "controllable, under control and controllable" safety production situation
of the company, and provide safety, health and enterprise for all employees stable development
provides strong security.
46 47
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 员工发展 THE EMPLOYEE DEVELOPMENT
培训与发展
Training & Development
06 管理培训
员工发展
Management training
The Employee Development
公司持续开展领导力发展项目，分别面向公司核心管理人员、具有丰富管理经验的管理人员和一线经理人，
组织开展Mini-MBA、高级管理培训和中级管理培训3个培训项目，提升各级管理人员的领导力，实现从“自
身做事”到“带队伍做事”、从“管理”到“领导”的转变，共计115名学员参加了培训。公司持续开展导
师计划项目，李叶青总裁等公司高管继续担任“导师计划”的导师、来自总部和事业部及分子公司的16名高
级管理人员作为学员参与了该项目，在导师和学员之间建立起基于信任的双向学习型关系。对总部新员工组
织开展企业文化、管理制度、业务流程、职业健康与安全等专题培训。持续开展在线管理课程和在线英语培
训，全年总计10239人次参加了在线管理课程的培训、276人次参加了在线英语的培训。
For the company's core management staff and who has a rich management experience of managers and front-
line managers, company continued to carry out the leadership development program. The organization carried
out the Mini - MBA, senior management and middle management training 3 training programs to improve
management. To help the manager from "work" itself to "team work", from "management" to "lead" and a total of
115 students were trained. The company continued to carry out the mentor program. President Li Yeqing and
我们遵循人才成长规律，针对不同层级、不同类型员工开展多样化、差异化培
other company executives continued to serve as mentors of the "mentor program" and 16 senior managers who
训，推动公司学习型组织的构建，持续提升公司核心竞争力，努力提升员工薪 come from the headquarters, business division and molecular company participated were be the trainee in the
program. So we could establish a two-way learning relationship based on trust between mentors and trainees.
酬标准和福利待遇，加强工会创新建设，切实服务员工群众，助力企业高质量
For the new employees, we carried out special trainings on corporate culture, management system, business
发展。
process, occupational health and safety. Online management courses and online English training have been
According to different levels, different types of employees for continuously carried out and a total of 10,239 people attending online management courses and 276 people
attending online English training.
diversification and differentiation training we follow the rules of talent
growth. Through different kinds of things we could promote the
construction of a learning organization and enhance the company's
技术培训
Technical training
core competitiveness. The company spare no effort to improve
employee compensation standard and welfare benefits to strengthen
the construction of the union innovation. And we try our best to service
公司组织开展维修、工艺、质量和矿山工程师认证培训项目，窑磨机械、电气仪表自动化、润滑、中控操作
the staff and help enterprise to develop high quality.
等工程师培养项目，初/中/高级机修工和电修工、润滑工、焊工、巡检工、班组长、问题解决方法
（SOLVE）、培训师培训（TtT）等技术工及综合类培训项目；组织“山水杯”水泥中控室操作员竞赛集
训，开展钳工、焊工、电仪工技能竞赛，为公司“学知识、强技能、当能手”技术岗位知识竞赛和事业部技
48 49
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 员工发展 THE EMPLOYEE DEVELOPMENT
new staff training of the young eagles sailing plan of training plan, procurement strategy, accumulated to carry out all kinds of
能大赛提供技术支持；主导开展了年修准备会、年修总结会、磨机和空压机优化研讨会等行业技术交流，显著提高了分子公司 special training 14 games, a total of more than 400 people attended the training.
的主要运营指标。全年共培训4300余人次、培训时间达到300天，有效推动公司员工专业技术理论水平的提升和专业技能的发
展。
Company organized the training program about the maintenance, technology, quality and mining engineer certification and the kiln
grinding machinery, electrical instrumentation automation, lubrication, control engineer training projects, such as the operation at the 财务培训
beginning of senior mechanic and electrical repair work, lubrication, welder, inspection work, team leader, problem solving method Financial training
(SOLVE) training, trainer (TtT) technology and comprehensive training programs; organized "shanshui cup" cement central control
room operator competition training, carried out fitter, welder. Through this kinds of competition, provided technical support for the
company's "learn knowledge, strong skills, when expert" technical post knowledge competition and business division skill
公司持续组织开展财务系统人员“涅槃培养计划”培训：组织在线培训，提供在线财务专业课程（1000门+直播课），
competition; led the annual repair preparatory meeting, annual repair summary meeting, mill and air compressor optimization
财务系统全体员工参加在线学习，单个账号平均使用135学时；组织两期财务经理训练营，共100人参加培训。组织开展
seminar and other industrial technical exchanges, significantly improved the main operating indicators of the company. More than
事业部和分子公司财务部长等管理会计转型培训，支撑财务管理人员转型。组织总部财务负责人、事业部财务总监等参
4300 person-times were trained throughout the year, and the training time reached 300 days, effectively promoting the
加外部公开课培训，开拓其思维理念、了解财务前沿理论。针对不同人群、不同需求提供不同培训方案，有效推动各层
improvement of the professional technical theory level and the development of professional skills of the company's employees.
级财务人员职能转型和专业能力的提升。
The company continued to organize and carry out "nirvana cultivation plan" training for financial system personnel. It
organized online training, provided online financial professional courses (1000 + live courses) and all employees of the
营销及采购培训 financial system participated in online learning. And about an average of 135 class hours per account. Organized two
Marketing and purchasing training training camps for financial managers, with a total of 100 participants. Organized and carried out training on management
accounting transformation for finance ministers of business divisions and molecular companies, and supported the
transformation of financial managers. Organized the head financial officer of the headquarters and the finance director of the
business division to participate in the external open class training, developing their thinking ideas and understand the
公司营销培训工作转变思路，由重点关注培训到培训与人员发展并重，由借助外训到以内训为主，系统搭建人才培养发展体
financial frontier theory. Provided different training programs for different groups and different needs and effectively promoted
系，组织开展营销基础管理和中级管理等营销人才梯队培养项目，引入营创先锋、首席内训师等公司内部专家授课，为公司持
the functional transformation and professional competence improvement of financial personnel at all levels.
续储备高素质人才；组织开展公司营销培训师培训（TtT），提升内训师授课能力；组织开展分销系统推广、价格体系及管理系
统、重点项目开发运行管理培训，并协同公司工会、法务对营销系统全员实施廉政教育、风险控制等方面的培训，进一步规范
营销业务开展；为事业部提供针对性内训支持。全年共计开展培训40余场，超过1400人次参加了培训，进一步提升了公司营销
人员的思想素质和专业能力。 内训师管理
The management for internal trainer
The work of the company marketing training had changed ideas. We not only focused on training but also focused on development
of the employee. And we also changed the way from the outside training to the inside. And we focused on the system structures,
personnel training development system, the organization to carry out the marketing basic management and middle management
2019年，首次在全公司范围内组织开展综合类、人力资源、财务资深及首席培训师和技术首席培训师的认证工作，来自
echelon personnel training project. We also introduced the camp and pioneer, chief architect of the example, such as internal expert
lectures, continue to reserve high-quality talent for the company. Organized and carried out the company's marketing trainer training 总部、事业部和分子公司的137名培训师被认证为资深培训师、20名培训师被认证为首席培训师（不含技术类），进一
(TtT) to improve the teaching ability of internal trainers. Organized and carried out training on distribution system promotion, price 步规范管理和有效激励公司内部培训师，推动公司学习型组织的构建。
system and management system, development and operation management of key projects, and cooperate with the company's In 2019, for the first time in the company-wide organization to carry out comprehensive, human resources, finance and chief
labor union and legal affairs to carry out training on clean government education and risk control for all members of the marketing senior trainers and technology chief trainer certification, from the headquarters, division, and molecular company 137
system, so as to further standardize the development of marketing business. Provided targeted internal training support to the certified trainer for senior trainer, was 20 trainer certification to chief trainer (excluding technology), further standardizing the
business division. More than 40 trainings were carried out throughout the year, and more than 1,400 people attended the trainings, management and effective incentive internal trainer, driving the construction of a learning organization.
which further improved the ideological quality and professional ability of the company's marketing personnel. 2019年，首次在全公司范围内组建总部、事业部及分子公司内训师俱乐部，通过提供互助互益的学习体验，使内训师学
公司采购系统根据不同员工的需求组织开展培训工作，主要围绕采购战略、采购基础知识、采购技能、采购素质等培训主题， 习和实践在培训、演讲、沟通及组织等方面的才能。
启动新员工培训之雏鹰计划、采购战略培训之远航计划，累计开展各类专项培训14场、共计400余人参加了培训。 In 2019, the internal trainer club of headquarters, business units and molecular companies have been established for the
Company procurement system according to the needs of different staff organization to carry out the training work, mainly around first time in the whole company, so that internal trainers could learn and practice their abilities in training, speech,
the basic knowledge of sourcing strategy, purchasing, quality of skill of procurement, procurement, such as training topic, started a communication and organization by providing mutual benefit learning experience.
50 51
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 员工发展 THE EMPLOYEE DEVELOPMENT
福利与关怀
Welfare and care
竞赛和文体活动
Competitions and recreational and sports activities
薪酬福利
Salary and welfare 公司开展 “争创十佳能手”劳动竞赛、“健步走华新，同唱一首歌”主题竞赛、“乐问”网上知识分享等活动，丰富广大员工的业余文
化生活，营造团结奋进的文化氛围。组织公司能手参加中国技能大赛，获得两项团体第一等多项佳绩，进一步激发了公司广大员工学技
能练本领的热情。
为持续提升员工的敬业度，增强公司以业绩为导向的薪酬激励性，公司根据上年度的经营业绩，并结合员工综合评价排序情况进行年 The company carried out the labor competition of "striving to be a top ten expert", the theme competition of "walking fast in Huaxin, singing a song
度薪酬调整，向基层员工倾斜，进一步提高生产一线员工的薪酬水平。让员工清晰地感受到公司业绩增长的同时，个人收入也稳步增 together", "music ask" online knowledge sharing and other activities, enriching the amateur cultural life of the majority of employees, and creating a
长。 united and enterprising cultural atmosphere. Organized the company's experts to participate in the China skills competition and won the first prize of
In order to continuously improve the employee engagement and enhance the company's performance-oriented salary incentive, the company the two groups, which further stimulated the enthusiasm of the company's employees to learn skills and practice skills.
conducted annual salary adjustment based on the previous year's business performance and combined with the comprehensive evaluation
ranking of employees, so as to further improve the salary level of front-line production employees. Let employees clearly feel the company's
performance growth, while personal income has also been growing steadily.
业绩指标
Performance Indicators
员工关怀
Employees care
员工总人数
慰问活动：Solicitude activities: 20000
Total number of employees
2019年公司工会在全公司开展了“送温暖”、“送清凉”、“金秋助学”慰问活动。公司党委副书记、工会主席彭清宇率总部有关部 19000
18000
门人员深入黄石万吨线项目现场，代表公司党委、工会看望慰问项目团队人员。
16424 16404
17000
In 2019, the labor union of the company carried out the activities of "sending warmth", "sending coolness" and "golden autumn to help 16120
16000
students". Peng Qingyu, deputy secretary of the party committee of the company and chairman of the trade union, visited the project team on
15000
behalf of the party committee and the trade union at the site of the Huang Shi 10,000 ton line project.
14000
13000
困难帮扶：Difficulty assistance:
12000
2019年公司开展“两节”困难帮扶活动，共计帮扶困难员工327人，帮扶金额414200元；积极争取上级工会帮扶困难员工17人，帮
11000
扶金额139400元；公司工会开展日常特困救助，救助困难员工6人，帮扶金额70000元；女职工安康基金救助女职工5人，救助金额
10000
45000元。 2017 2018 2019
In 2019, the company carried out the "two sections" difficulty assistance activities, with a total of 327 employees in difficulty, with a total amount
of RMB 414,200.Actively strived for the assistance of 17 employees in difficulties from the higher level trade union, the amount of assistance is 华新员工性别比例 华新员工学历组成
Gender ratio of employees Education background structure of Huaxin employees
139,400 Yuan. The labor union of the company carried out daily rescue for extreme hardship, and 6 employees were rescued with an amount
of 70,000 Yuan. Female workers health fund to help female workers 5, the amount of relief 45,000 Yuan.
23% 3%
员工休养：Staff recuperation:
1%
2019年公司工会继续开展员工休养活动，组织员工在珠海和昆明休养中心休养，参加人数达1054人，激发了员工的工作热情，保护和
77% 86%
促进员工身心健康。
In 2019, the labor union of the company continued to carry out staff recuperation activities, and organized employees to recuperate in Zhu Hai
and Kun Ming recuperation centers, with 1054 participants, inspiring employees' work enthusiasm, protecting and promoting their physical and
大专及以下 本科 硕士及以上
mental health. College and below Undergraduate Master and above
52 53
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 员工发展 THE EMPLOYEE DEVELOPMENT
实例 实例三
Example 3
Case Studies
2019年，公司组织开展高级电修工培训和黄石万吨线维修工培训。
In 2019, the company organized the training of senior electrical maintenance workers and maintenance workers of Huangshi 10000
ton production line.
实例一
Example 1
2019年公司领导力发展的Mini-MBA、高级管理和中级管理培训项目相继启动，公司领导李叶青、王锡明分别出席了相关培训
项目的开学典礼并致辞。
In 2019, the Mini-MBA, senior management and intermediate management training programs for the company's leadership
development were launched successively. The leaders of the company, Li Yeqing and Wang Ximing, respectively attended and
addressed the opening ceremony of relevant training programs.
高级电修工培训
Training of senior electricians
高级管理培训（Ⅶ期）
Senior management
Mini-MBA（Ⅲ期）
training (Ⅶ)
实例二
Example 2
2019年公司组织开展综合类、人力资源、财务资深及首席培训 黄石万吨线维修工培训
Maintenance worker training
师和技术首席培训师的选拔和认证工作，公司相关高管参与首 of Huangshi 10000 ton production
line project
席培训师的现场评审。
In 2019, the company organized and carried out the selection
and certification of comprehensive, human resources, finance
senior, chief trainer and technical chief trainer and relevant
senior executives of the company shall participate in the on-site
review of chief trainer.
综合类首席培训师评审
Comprehensive chief trainer review
54 55
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 员工发展 THE EMPLOYEE DEVELOPMENT
公司能手闪耀中国技能大赛斩获两项团体第一
The company's expert won the first of two groups in the shining China
奖；参天公司员工保正君、景洪公司员工吕宪虎获“金牌巡检能手”称号；地维公司员工钟昌凡
skills competition
获“银奖巡检能手”称号；冷水江公司员工罗进、长阳公司员工魏新锋、东骏公司员工刘天帮、
郴州公司员工周崇辉获“铜牌巡检能手”称号。
The skills competition for cement production inspectors took the form of written test, case analysis
and on-the-job practice. The competition mainly focused on the knowledge related to the
inspection.196 competitors from more than 100 cement enterprises across the country took part in
the competition and finally 31 players advanced to the final. The company selected 16 employees to
participate in the competition. After fierce competition, the company team won the first place in the
group, the group award and the excellent organization award; Bao Zheng Jun, an employee of
Sheng Tian company and Lu Xianhu, an employee of Jing Hong company, won the title of "gold
medal inspection expert". Zhong Changfan, an employee of Di Wei company, won the title of "silver
prize tour master" .Luo Jin of cold-water river company, Wei Xinfeng of Chang Yang company, Liu
Tianbang of Dong Jun company, Zhou Chonghui of Chen Zhou company won the title of "bronze
medal inspection expert".
水泥化学分析工技能大赛主要涉及水泥及原材料化学分析、煤电工业水泥和煤电全水分测定等内
容。来自全国200多家企业的近400名参赛选手参加。公司选派的两支队伍分别取得了第一名、第
五名的成绩，分别荣获团体优胜奖、团体优秀奖。宜昌公司员工向琼、研发中心员工彭家玮和刘
晨笑等三人均获“金牌化学分析能手”称号，数量为参赛水泥企业第一。秭归公司员工崔岚获
6月3日，中国技能大赛水泥化学分析工技能大赛和水泥生产巡检工技能大赛表彰奖励决定发 “银牌化学分析能手”称号，红河公司员工尚志敏和富民公司员工郑琼仙获“铜牌化学分析能
布，公司选手们在这两项行业重要技能大赛中表现优异，取得两项团体第一等多项佳绩，进一步 手”称号。
激发了公司广大员工学技能练本领的热情，推进了高技能人才队伍建设。 The skills competition of cement chemical analysis mainly involved chemical analysis of cement and
Skills contest on June 3, China cement chemical analysis skills contest and decided to release of raw materials, cement of coal power industry and total moisture measurement of coal power. Nearly
commendation and reward for cement production inspection work skills contest, the players in the 400 contestants from more than 200 enterprises across the country took part. The two teams
two industries important skills contest, get the first of two group a number of achievements, further selected by the company won the first place and the fifth place respectively and won the group
stimulated the enthusiasm of the company all staff to learn skills to practice ability, promoting the excellence award and the group excellence award respectively. Xiang qiong, an employee of Yichang
high skill talented person troop construction. company, Peng Jiawei and Liu Chenxiao, an employee of R&D center, all won the title of "gold medal
这两项竞赛均由中国水泥协会、国家建筑材料行业职业技能鉴定指导中心主办，都是国家人社部 chemical analysis expert" and the number of cement enterprises ranked first. Cui LAN, an employee
发布的国家二级大赛，旨在促进水泥行业从业人员综合素质提升，鼓励吸引更多的一线员工立足 of Zi Gui company, won the title of "silver medal chemical analysis expert", Shang Zhimin, an
本职工作，学知识、练技术、钻业务。其中水泥生产巡检工技能大赛为首次举办。 employee of Hong He company and zheng Qiongxian, an employee of Fu Min company, won
These two competitions were sponsored by China Cement Association and national construction the title of "bronze medal chemical analysis expert".
material industry vocational skill appraisal and guidance center. They were both national level II 根据大赛规定，保正君、向琼因个人成绩分别为水泥生产巡检工技能大赛、水泥化学分析工技能
competitions issued by the Ministry of human resources and social security, aiming to promote the 大赛前三名，将由国家建材行业职业技能鉴定指导中心报请人社部授予二人“全国技术能手”荣
comprehensive quality of employees in the cement industry, and encourage more front-line
誉称号。
employees to learn knowledge, practice technology and drill business. Among them, the skill
According to the regulation of the contest, Bao Zhengjun and Xiang Qiong were the top three in the
competition of cement production inspectors was held for the first time.
skill contest of cement production inspector and cement chemical analyst respectively because of
水泥生产巡检工技能大赛采取笔试、案例分析、上岗实操相结合的形式，竞赛内容以巡检相关知
their personal achievements. They would be awarded the honorary title of "national technical expert"
识为主。来自全国100余家水泥企业的196名选手参赛，最终31名选手晋级决赛。公司选拔了 by the ministry of human resources and social security of the national building materials industry
16名员工参加了比赛。经过激烈比拼，公司代表队取得团体第一名，获得团体优胜奖和优秀组织 occupational skill appraisal guidance center.
56 57
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 员工发展 THE EMPLOYEE DEVELOPMENT
公司2019年“健步走华新，同唱一首歌”主题竞赛活动正式启动 transmission, the staff of Huaxin "love the motherland and love Huaxin " and coagulation hearts meet force with cultural
In 2019, the company launched the theme competition of "walk fast in strength, all worked together to promote company the production management, sprinting to semi-annual performance
Huaxin, sing a song together" targets, with excellent performance to the 70 anniversary of the founding.
彭清宇要求，各单位要做好本次活动的宣传动员工作，让广大员工特别是一线员工积极参与到活动中来；要组织开展丰
富多彩的线下活动，创新活动方式，做到线上线下活动相互配合；要严格遵守活动规则，高度重视安全问题，确保生产
和健身两不误；要做好活动宣传工作，制作好本单位的活动视频，积极动员员工参与歌唱活动，充分利用好活动平台展
示各单位的良好精神风貌，营造出积极向上的良好氛围。
Peng Qingyu asked, each unit to do a good job of the activity's publicity and mobilization work, let the majority of employees,
especially front-line employees actively participate in the activity. To organize and carry out a variety of offline activities,
innovative activities, online and offline activities to achieve mutual coordination. Strictly abide by the rules of the activity,
attach great importance to safety issues, to ensure that production and fitness are not wrong. To do a good job of activity
publicity, make a good activity video of the unit, actively mobilize the staff to participate in the singing activities, make full use
of the activity platform to show the good spirit of each unit, create a positive atmosphere.
刘凤山、彭清宇分别为来自总部机关、环保事业部、黄石分公司、阳新公司、大冶公司、包装公司、装备公司、骨料公
司等现场参加竞赛活动的八支代表队授旗。随后，刘凤山现场宣布“健步走华新，同唱一首歌”主题竞赛活动正式启
动。
Liu Fengshan and Peng Qingyu awarded flags to eight teams from headquarters, environmental protection business
division, Huang Shi branch, Yangxin company, Da Ye company, packaging company, equipment company and aggregate
company. Later, Liu Fengshan announced on the spot "walk fast Huaxin, sing a song" theme competition officially launched.
启动会现场还分别进行了“健步走华新”活动和“同唱一首歌”活动。刘凤山和彭清宇与400余名员工在华新水泥旧址
厂区内进行了健步走活动。活动中，大家精神饱满，畅谈华新历史，展望华新未来，充满了欢声笑语。在“同唱一首
歌”活动中，八支代表队分别进行了固定歌曲《我和我的祖国》及自选歌曲的演唱，赢来阵阵掌声，将启动会推向高
为庆祝建国70周年，进一步丰富广大员工的业余文化生活，营造团结奋进的文化氛围，4月27 潮。最终，黄石分公司代表队荣获一等奖。
日，公司2019年“健步走华新，同唱一首歌”主题竞赛活动在华新水泥旧址正式启动。公司党 At the opening ceremony, there were also two activities, namely "walking fast in Huaxin " and "singing a song together". Liu
委副书记、副总裁刘凤山，党委副书记、纪委书记、工会主席彭清宇及湖北东区事业部、新业务 Fengshan and Peng Qingyu and more than 400 employees in the Huaxin cement site in the factory for a brisk walk. During
the activity, everyone was full of energy, talked about the history of Huaxin and looked forward to the future of Huaxin. In the
事业部、环保事业部、公司政工部、党委宣传部、工会、纪委等相关负责人等出席启动会。
activity of "sing a song together", eight representative teams performed the fixed song "me and my motherland" and the
In order to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China, further
song selected by themselves, winning bursts of applause and pushing the event to a climax. Finally, the Huang Shi branch
enrich the leisure cultural life of the staff and create a cultural atmosphere of unity and endeavor, on
team won the first prize.
April 27, the company's 2019 "walk fast in Huaxin, sing a song together" theme competition was
此次“健步走华新，同唱一首歌”主题活动是公司工会继2018年举行了一系列文体活动后，又推出的一项大型群众性
officially launched at the former site of Huaxin cement. Liu Fengshan, deputy secretary of the party
committee and vice President of the company, Peng Qingyu, deputy secretary of the party 文体活动， 72家单位共计一万余人报名参加比赛。活动采用“线上+线下”模式组织开展员工文体活动，历时5个月。
committee, secretary of the commission for discipline inspection, chairman of the trade union and 其中，“线上”举行 “重走长征路”达标排位赛，员工在网上参与红军长征虚拟路线比赛活动；“线下”开展 “爱祖
other responsible persons of the business division, new business division, environmental protection 国，爱华新，同唱一首歌”歌唱比赛，通过同唱红歌，抒发员工的爱国热情，激发大家团结奋进精神。
division, political affairs and industry department, propaganda department of the party committee, The theme activity "walk fast in Huaxin, sing a song together" was a large-scale mass recreational and sports activity
trade union and commission for discipline inspection of the company attended the opening meeting. launched by the company's labor union after a series of recreational and sports activities held in 2018. More than 10,000
启动会上，彭清宇指出，举办本次活动目的是要引导员工积极参加体育健身活动，同时通过传唱 people from 72 units signed up for the competition. The activity adopts the mode of "online + offline" to organize and carry
爱国歌曲，传播华新广大员工“爱祖国、爱华新”的心声，用文化力量凝心聚力，团结一致推动 out staff's recreational and sports activities, which lasts for 5 months. Among them, "online" held "retracing the long march
公司生产经营各项工作，全力冲刺半年度业绩目标，以优异业绩向建国70周年献礼。 road" standard qualifying race, the staff on the Internet to participate in the red army long march virtual route competition
Start meeting, Peng Qingyu pointed out that the purpose was to guide employees holding this event activities; "Offline" "love the motherland, love Huaxin, sing a song together" singing competition, through singing red songs
took an active part in sports fitness activities, sung by patriotic songs at the same time, the with the staff, to express their patriotic enthusiasm, inspire the spirit of unity and endeavor.
58 59
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 员工发展 THE EMPLOYEE DEVELOPMENT
湖北东区事业部第二届职工及客户联谊运动会圆满成功 the cohesion of the enterprise, and narrowed the relationship with customers, contributing to the
The 2nd staff and customer Association games of Hubei East Business Division was a achievement of the business division in the eastern part of Hubei province. Subsequently, the
complete success company's deputy secretary of the party committee, vice President Liu Fengshan announced the site
of Hubei east division of the second staff and customer fellowship games officially opened.
参加本届运动会的除事业部各单位代表队，还新增了维修公司、装备公司、混凝土公司和客户等代
10月19日至20日，湖北东区事业部成功举办了第二届职工及客户联谊运动会。此次活动丰富了职工文体生活，展示了职 表队，共有18个代表队730多名运动员，队伍和运动员人数均超过首届。企业竞赛项目包括径赛、
工精神风貌，增进企业与客户间的沟通与交流。 田赛和趣味类项目等54项，比赛项目种类丰富，贴近生活，既有铅球、跳高、跳远、立体跳远等
On October 19, solstice 20, Hubei east business division successfully held the second staff and customer fellowship sports 常规田径项目，也有拔河、八字跳绳、“龙行天下”、“运转乾坤”等考验团队配合、职工热情参
meeting. This activity enriched the staff's cultural and sports life, displayed the staff's spiritual outlook, and enhanced the 与的集体项目。经过两天的激烈角逐，武穴公司、阳新公司、黄石公司分别荣获团体总分前三名，
communication and exchange between the enterprise and customers.
骨料公司获最佳组织奖，大冶公司、钢华公司获精神文明奖。
公司副总裁王锡明、刘云霞、胡贞武，助理副总裁赵崇光、叶家兴分别为参加活动的18支代表队授旗。
In addition to the business units participating in the games team, also added maintenance companies,
Vice presidents Wang Ximing, Liu Yunxia and Hu Zhenwu, assistant vice presidents Zhao Chongguang and Ye Jiaxing
equipment companies, concrete companies and customer teams, a total of 18 teams more than 730
presented flags to the 18 participating teams respectively.
athletes, team and athletes more than the first. Enterprise competition project including track and field
开幕式上，公司副总裁、湖北东区事业部总经理陈兵指出，本届运动会是对华新企业文化建设成果的检验，有利于更好
and 54 interest class projects and events variety, close to life, both the shot put, the high jump, long
地搭建企业与客户沟通交流的桥梁，展示华新人良好的精神风貌，希望全体运动员弘扬体育精神，勇于拼搏，取得优异 jump, vertical jump, such as conventional track and field events, there was also a tug-of-war, eight
成绩。 rope skipping, "dragon", "places" such as the test team, staff enthusiasm to participate in collective
At the opening ceremony, vice President, Hubei east division general manager Chen Bing, pointed out that the games was project. After two days of fierce competition, Wuxue company, Yangxin company, Huangshi
new to China enterprise culture construction achievements inspection, was conducive to better build enterprise and company won the group total score top three, aggregate company won the best organization award,
customer communication bridge, Huaxin people good spirit, hoping all the athletes to carry forward the spirit of sports, have Daye company, Ganghua company won the spiritual civilization award.
the courage to fight, get good grades. 陈兵在闭幕式上强调，事业部全体员工要把运动会激发出来的热情和顽强拼搏、奋勇争先、团结协
公司党委副书记、纪委书记、工会主席彭清宇表示，运动会的召开提振了员工精气神，增强了企业凝聚力，拉近了客户 作的精神，倾注到工作当中，为公司创造更优异的业绩。
关系，为推动湖北东区事业部业绩取得新突破贡献力量。随后，公司党委副书记、副总裁刘凤山现场宣布湖北东区事业 Chen Bing stressed in the closing ceremony that all the staff of the business division should put into
部第二届职工及客户联谊运动会正式开幕。 work the passion and indomitable spirit of struggle, unity and cooperation inspired by the games to
Peng Qingyu, deputy secretary of the party committee of the company, secretary of the commission for discipline inspection create better performance for the company.
and chairman of the trade union, said that the holding of the sports meeting has boosted the morale of employees, enhanced
拔河 Tug- of- war 铅球 Shot- put 跳高 High jump
接力赛 Relay race 5000米竞走 5000 meter race walk 公司副总裁、湖北东区事业部总经理陈兵为团体总分前三名单位颁奖
Chen Bing, vice president of the company and general manager of Hubei East
Business Division, presented awards to the top three organizations with total scores
60 61
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 服务社会 SERVING THE SOCIETY
产品与服务
Products and Services
07
服务社会 为用户提供满意的产品和服务
Provide users with satisfactory products and services
Serving the Society
公司严格按照国家质量管理规程及相关法律法规的要求，建立了完善的质量管理体系，包括进厂
原燃材料质量的管理、生产过程质量管控、出厂产品质量控制管理、售后服务管理、化验室标准
化管理等。工厂严格执行化验室检测对比制度、确保检测数据的准确性，2019年水泥行业技能
大赛中，公司取得了团体第一名、个人分获多名“金、银、铜牌化学分析能手”，获奖人数为参
赛水泥企业第一。
Strictly abiding by national quality control instructions as well as relevant laws and regulations, the
company has established a complete quality management system, including the management of
the quality of the raw materials and fuel entering the plant, the quality control of the production
process, the quality control of the manufactured products, the customer service management, and
the standardized management of the laboratory. The plants strictly implemented the laboratory
inspection and comparison system to ensure the accuracy of the test data. In the 2019 cement
industry skills competition, the company won the first place in the group and several "gold, silver and
bronze chemical analysis experts" for individuals, with the number of winners being the first among
在实现公司业绩迅速增长的同时，我们不忘回报社会，一方面为用户提供满意的产品
the participating cement enterprises.
和服务，聚焦客户需求和体验，一方面践行企业社会责任，助力社会和谐发展。 通过精细化质量管理，公司产品质量较好地满足了客户需要，所有产品均按产品质量认证要求通
We do not forget to repay the society while realizing the rapid growth of the 过国家权威机构认证，2019年本公司未发生重大质量事故。
Through refined quality management, the company's products met the needs of customers well. All
company's performance, we provide satisfactory products & services, and
products are certified by the national authority according to the requirements of product quality
focus on customer needs & experience on the one hand, practicing corporate
certification. No major quality accidents occurred in 2019.
social responsibility, helping the harmonious development of society on the 公司数字化创新中心，将强大的信息化技术服务于质量管理，大力推广使用PGNAA在线分析仪
等高新技术用于质量控制管理，有利于提高产品稳定性。
other hand.
The company's digital innovation center provided powerful information technology for quality
management; vigorously promote the use of PGNAA online analyzer and other high-tech for quality
control management, which is conducive to improving product stability.
公司积极响应国家相关政策，细分客户需求，找准产品定位，实施产品升级。通过研发团队的不
断努力以及大量的实验验证，最终开发出精品家装水泥与精品结构水泥，满足了市场及客户需
要，为客户带来了更好的使用体验。
62 63
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 服务社会 SERVING THE SOCIETY
扶贫及公益
The company actively responded to relevant national policies, subdivided customer needs, found out
Poverty alleviation and public welfare
product positioning, and implemented product upgrading. Through the continuous efforts of the R &
D team and a large number of experimental verification, the company finally developed high-quality
household decoration cement and structural cement, to meet the market and customer needs, to
bring customers a better use experience. 精准扶贫
本公司产品被广泛应用于多个国家重点工程，2019年中标黄黄高铁、武阳高速武汉段、云南美丽 Targeted poverty alleviation
高速公路、云南兰坪县村村通、保泸高速、临清高速等多个大型重点工程项目。
Our products are widely used in many national key projects. In 2019, we won the bid for Huanggang-
huangmei High-speed railway, Wuhan section of Wuhan-Yangxin Expressway, Yunnan Meili
为全面贯彻落实中央关于扶贫开发的重要指示精神，履行好企业社会责任，公司制定了精准扶贫规划：一是按照“政府主导、
Expressway, and Every Village Project in Lanping country of Yunnan, Baoshan-Lushui Expressway,
社会参与、自力更生、开发扶贫”的方针，重点帮扶贫困村庄的道路硬化、危房修缮、水利设施、矿山修复等生态环境帮扶贫
Lincang-Qingshui Expressway and other large key projects.
困村基础设施建设；二是因地制宜，保障精准扶贫易地搬迁工程项目的低价水泥供应；三是结对到村到户，实施残疾人、农村
孤儿和留守儿童等贫困人员的保障帮扶；四是积极参与贫困地区教育发展水平和人力资源开发帮扶；五是积极开展转移就业扶
贫，在有条件的分子公司吸纳贫困帮扶对象进厂务工和职业技能培训；六是积极推进“救急难”工作，开展临时救助活动，对
因病、因灾、因残等支出型特殊原因致贫的困难家庭实施临时特别救助，助其渡过难关。
In order to fully implement the important directive spirit of the Central Committee on poverty alleviation, and fulfill corporate social
responsibility, the company formulated targeted poverty alleviation planning:Firstly, according to the policy of "government-led,
聚焦客户需求和体验 social participation, self-reliance, development of poverty alleviation", it focused on helping poor villages with road hardening,
dangerous houses repairing, water conservancy facilities, mine restoration and other ecological environment to help poor villages
Focus on customer needs and experiences
with infrastructure construction; secondly, adaptation to local conditions, ensured the supply of low price cement for targeted
poverty alleviation relocation projects; thirdly, go into the village to help disabled, rural orphans, left-behind children and other poor
people; fourthly, actively participate in the development of education and human resources development in poor areas; fifthly,
公司始终坚持以“聚焦客户”为工作方向，全面开展营销数字化项目，建立“智慧销售监控系
actively carry out the transfer of employment to help the poor, and recruit the poverty-stricken people to work in plant or give
统”和“智慧物流监控系统”，并且深入推广“分销系统”，优化客户端功能，提升客户体验和 vocational skills training; sixthly, actively promote "emergency help", and carry out temporary help activities, such as provide
业务运营效率，强化业务风险管控。在产品差异化方面，利用PC32.5R水泥品种被取消的政策契 temporary special help to needy families who were poor due to special reasons such as illness, disaster and disability, to help them
机，全面优化和升级创新产品，对装修细分市场推出M32.5精品装修水泥，对结构细分市场推出 overcome difficulties.
公司精准扶贫活动投入1608.99万元，其中现金661.74万元、捐赠物资折款947.25万元，帮助建档立卡贫困人口数14265人.
PC42.5民用结构水泥，以满足客户差异化需求。另外，公司持续拓展混凝土、骨料、砂浆、墙
In 2019, the company invested 16.0899 million yuan in targeted poverty alleviation, with a cash value of 6.6174 million yuan and a
材等新材业务，为客户提供一体化的建材解决方案。
donation of 9.4725 million yuan that helped 14265 poor people.
The company always adhered to the goal of "customer-centric", comprehensively carried out digital
marketing projects, established "smart sales monitoring system" and "smart logistics monitoring
system", and further promoted "distribution system", optimized client-side functions, improved
志愿者活动
customer experience and business operation efficiency, and strengthened business risk
Volunteer activity
management and control. In terms of product differentiation, by taking advantage of the policy
opportunity of PC32.5R cement being cancelled, comprehensively optimized and upgraded
innovative products, and launched M32.5 fine decoration cement in the decoration market segment,
为继续深入学习贯彻党的十九大精神，激励广大员工践行社会主义核心价值观，实践公司新时期发展理念，提升公司新时期社
and launched PC42.5 civil structure cement in the structure market segment, so as to meet the
会责任履行新高度，续写公司可持续发展新篇章，2019年公司开展“爱无限，同筑中国梦”的志愿者活动。活动内容包括：联
differentiated needs of customers. In addition, the company continued to expand the RMX,
动服务、关爱行动、便民服务、节日专题、公益宣传、知识传递等专题活动，实施包括精准扶贫、抢险救灾、帮困救残、爱心
aggregate, mortar, wall materials and other new material business, to provide customers with
捐助、知识传递、教育辅导、技能传授、环境治理、节日访谈、形象代言、文化建设、大型会展等内容的志愿服务。
integrated building materials solutions.
64 65
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 服务社会 SERVING THE SOCIETY
In order to continue to study and implement the spirit of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party, encourage the 实例
employees to practice the socialist core values, practice the company's development concept in the new era, improve the
Case Studies
company's social responsibility in the new era to perform a new height, and continue to write a new chapter of the company's
sustainable development. In 2019, the company launched the volunteer activity of "love infinite, and build the Chinese dream
together". The activities included: linkage service, caring action, convenience service, festival special topic, public welfare publicity,
knowledge transfer and other special activities. The company implemented includes targeted poverty alleviation, rescue and relief,
为重庆教育贡献“华新力量” 华新水泥捐赠150万元用于教育扶贫
helping the poor and the disabled, love donation, knowledge transfer, education and guidance, skills transfer, environmental
Contributing "Huaxin Power" to Chongqing education, Huaxin Cement
governance, festival interview, image endorsement, cultural construction, large-scale exhibition and other voluntary services.
donated 1.5 million yuan to poverty alleviation through education
2019年1-12月，各单位志愿者活动参与人次合计22196人次，开展各类活动1832项次，总活动时间76016.5小时，人均义工
时间5.39小时/人，各类志愿爱心服务活动支出(包括单位、个人捐赠等)折合人民币2062.45万元.
In 2019, 22196 people participated in volunteer activities in all plants, 1832 kinds of activities were carried out, with a total activity
time of 76016.5 hours and a per capita volunteer time of 5.39 hours/person. The expenditure of various voluntary and love service
activities (including donations from plants and individuals, etc.) was equivalent to RMB 20.6245 million yuan.
2019年社会公益活动捐赠情况
Donations at Social Welfare Activities in 2019
单位：万元
Unit: 10 thousand RMB
物资折合人民币 7月10日上午，华新水泥西部区域事业部助力重庆市教育扶贫工作捐赠仪式在重庆市教委举
捐款金额人民币 合计人民币
类别 Goods and materials
type Cash Donation convert into cash Total 行。市委教育工委委员市教委主任助理徐立、市教委财务处长陈忠飞，市教育发展基金会执
(RMB) (converted into RMB) (RMB) 行理事长刘路明、副理事长兼秘书长徐剑锋、副理事长王建华，华新水泥股份有限公司执
委、副总裁，华新水泥西部区域事业部党委书记、总经理柯友良、华新水泥西部区域事业部
社 区（新农村建设）
39.24 169.78 209.02
Community 相关负责人等参加捐赠仪式。
On the morning of July 10, the donation ceremony of Huaxin Cement's western regional
捐资助学 business department to assist Chongqing's education poverty alleviation work was held in
76.40 14.31 90.71
Help develop the
Chongqing Municipal Education Commission. Xu Li, assistant to the director of the Municipal
education
Education Committee, Chen Zhongfei, member of the Municipal Education Working Committee,
扶贫帮困 Liu Luming, executive director of the municipal education development foundation, Xu Jianfeng,
22.78 86.12 108.9
Help and support
the poor deputy director general and secretary general, Wang Jianhua, executive director and vice
president of Huaxin Cement Co., Ltd., Ke Youliang, Secretary of the Party committee and
组织个人捐赠
—— —— 44.82 general manager of Huaxin Cement western regional business department, and Huaxin Cement
Organize individual
donations western regional business the person in charge of the Ministry attended the donation ceremony.
在重庆境内，华新水泥分别在涪陵、永川、合川、江津共有四家水泥工厂，两家混凝土工厂
精准扶贫 661.74 947.25 1608.99 以及相配套和在建的骨料、危废处置、新型建材和环保等业务。华新水泥西部区域事业部党
Targeted poverty alleviation
委书记、总经理柯友良表示，华新水泥西部区域事业部积极践行企业社会责任，不断发挥教
合计 育扶贫在推进精准扶贫中的基础性、先导性、根本性作用，下属重庆区域4家分子公司计划连
2062.45
Total
续三年每年向市教育发展基金会捐赠50万元，共计150万元用于资助贫困学生、乡村教师和
支持教育事业发展，为重庆教育扶贫工作贡献“华新力量”。
66 67
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 服务社会 SERVING THE SOCIETY
In Chongqing, Huaxin Cement has four cement plants in Fuling, Yongchuan, Hechuan 西藏公司荣获山南市脱贫攻坚“组织创新先进单位”称号
and Jiangjin respectively, two concrete plants and other businesses such as matching Tibet plant won the title of “Advanced unit of organizational innovation “for poverty
and under construction aggregate, hazardous waste disposal, new building materials alleviation in Shannan City
and environmental protection. Ke Youliang, Secretary of the Party committee and
general manager of Huaxin Cement's western regional business unit, said that Huaxin
Cement's western regional business unit actively practices corporate social
responsibility and constantly plays the basic, leading and fundamental role of education 近日，在山南市委召开的2019年农村工作暨脱贫攻坚工作
poverty alleviation in promoting targeted poverty alleviation. Four subsidiaries in
大会上传来好消息，西藏公司因2018年脱贫攻坚工作突
Chongqing plan to donate 500000 yuan to the Municipal Education Development
出、效果明显，荣获2018年度山南市脱贫攻坚“组织创新
Foundation for three consecutive years, totaling 1.5 million yuan Yuan was used to help
先进单位”称号。
poor students, rural teachers and support the development of education, contributing
At the 2019 Rural Work and Poverty Alleviation Work
"Huaxin Power" to Chongqing's education poverty alleviation work.
Conference held by the Shannan Municipal Party
治贫先治愚，扶贫先扶智。市教育发展基金会执行理事长刘路明在讲话中向慷慨资助
Committee, the Tibetan plant was awarded the title of
的华新水泥股份有限公司表示衷心感谢。他提到，华新水泥股份有限公司积极关注教
“Advanced unit of organizational innovation” in 2018
育公益事业，进一步承担社会责任，践行关爱感恩的价值观，支持重庆市教育事业的
Shannan poverty alleviation work because of its outstanding
蓬勃发展，为重庆教育慈善事业发展做出了积极贡献。 work and results.
First of all, we should cure the foolish for the poor, and first of all, we should
自落户山南以来，西藏公司始终秉承“饮水思源 、回报社会”的宗旨，致力于山南市社会公益事业，认真贯彻落实中央
help the people who lack education for the poor. In his speech, Liu Luming,
和区、市、县关于精准扶贫工作的重大安排部署，着力把握好精准扶贫工作重点，高度重视，攻坚克难，狠抓落实，确
executive director of the municipal education development foundation,
保精准扶贫工作取得实效。2018年，公司积极响应区党委政府号召，向市委市政府请缨参加“百企帮百村”——精准
expressed sincere thanks to Huaxin Cement Co., Ltd. for its generous
扶贫及结对子活动，帮扶资金达250万元，帮助绒乡全面脱贫，还持续助力精准扶贫活动开展，解决西藏籍大学生就业
support. He mentioned that Huaxin Cement Co., Ltd. actively paid attention to
143人；向驻村点—加查县洛林乡江惹村和普姆村捐赠200吨水泥用于基础设施建设，解决乡村主干道泥泞不平、灌溉
educational public welfare undertakings, further undertook social
水渠不畅、部分贫困户房屋破损严重问题；为山南市当地政府职能部门捐赠100吨水泥，用于乡村道路建设、寺庙维修
responsibilities, practiced the values of caring and gratitude, supporting the
等；公司领导班子及帮扶人员藏历新年深入驻村点洛林乡普姆村，了解贫困家庭具体状况以及存在的困难，并为贫困户
vigorous development of Chongqing's educational undertakings, making
送上米、面、油等慰问品，让贫困户家庭过上一个温暖祥和的藏历佳节。
positive contributions to the development of Chongqing's educational charities.
Since established in Shannan, Tibet plant had always been adhering to the tenet of "drinking water thinking of resources,
“华新水泥在企业发展的同时，把扶贫工作与企业可持续发展相结合，积极投身志愿
and repaying society", committed to Shannan city's social public welfare undertakings, conscientiously implemented the
者活动和精准扶贫等社会公益事业，是积极履行社会责任的表现。”中共重庆市委教 arrangements of the central government, region, cities and counties on targeted poverty alleviation, focused on grasping
育工委委员、市教委主任助理徐立表示，希望捐赠善款能用在实处，用在刀刃上，真 the key points of targeted poverty alleviation, overcame difficulties, and paid close attention to the implementation to ensure
正帮助山区学校，帮助农村学子，助力重庆地区教育帮扶工作。 the effectiveness of targeted poverty alleviation work. In 2018, the plant actively responded to the call of Shannan
"Huaxin Cement, while developing the enterprise, combines poverty alleviation with government, and asked to participate in the "100 enterprises help 100 villages" - targeted poverty alleviation matching
sustainable development of the enterprise, and actively participates in volunteer activities, with the supporting fund of 2.5 million yuan, to help Rongxiang village get rid of poverty, and continued to help
activities, targeted poverty alleviation and other social public welfare undertakings, which carry out targeted poverty alleviation activities, to solve the employment of 143 Tibetan college students; and to donate 200
is an expression of actively fulfilling social responsibility." Xu Li, member of the Education tons of cement to Gyaca country, mainly used for infrastructure construction to solve the problems of muddy and uneven
Working Committee of Chongqing Municipal Committee of the Communist Party of rural main roads, blocked irrigation channels, and damaged houses; the plant also donated 100 tons of cement to the
China and assistant to the director of Chongqing Municipal Education Committee, said functional departments of Shannan government for rural road construction, temple maintenance, etc.; leading group and
that he hoped that the donation money could be used in practice and on the cutting volunteers of the plant went deep into the Pu Mu village, to understand the specific situation and difficulties of poor families
edge to really help schools in mountainous areas, rural students and Chongqing in Tibetan New Year, and sent rice, flour, oil and other goods to them in order to help the poor families could have a warm
education. and peaceful Tibetan Festival.
68 69
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 服务社会 SERVING THE SOCIETY
长阳公司捐赠水泥助力长阳县精准扶贫 亚湾公司成立志愿者协会再次开办汉语课堂
Changyang plant donated cement to help the targeted poverty alleviation in Yavan plant established volunteer association to open Chinese class again
Changyang County
5月4日，亚湾公司举行志愿者协会成
立暨汉语班开课典礼，公司管理层及
4月17日下午，长阳公司向长阳县榔坪镇长丰村捐
学校负责人参加了此次活动。汉语课
赠水泥100吨，支持长丰村危房改造建设。县税务
堂深受同学们的欢迎，引起学习汉语
局胡文福局长、党委陈利民书记、长丰村村委会左
的热潮。
学琴书记，长阳公司总经理助理（行政）商琼容、
On May 4th, Yavan plant held a
总经理助理（生产）徐新林参加了捐赠仪式。
ceremony of the establishment of
On the afternoon of April 17th, Changyang plant Volunteer Association and the opening
donated 100 tons of cement to Changfeng Village to of the Chinese class. The plant
support the reconstruction of dangerous houses. Hu management and the school principals
Wenfu, director of the county Taxation Bureau, attended the event. Chinese class was
Chen Limin, Secretary of the Party committee, Zuo very popular with students, which
Xueqin, head of the Changfeng Village, Shang qiongrong, Assistant General Manager (Administration) and Xu caused the upsurge of learning
Xinlin, Assistant General Manager (production) of Changyang plant attended the donation ceremony. Chinese.
榔坪镇长丰村是长阳县重点贫困村，自精准扶贫开展以来，长阳县税务局一直对口帮扶长丰村。近两年来， 之前，亚湾公司也一直非常重视志愿教学活动，连续两年派公司员工在华新捐建的小学里义务教汉语，建起中塔友谊的沟
长阳县税务局牢记扶贫帮困的政治责任，帮扶脱贫工作初显成效，在民生改善、产业发展、基础设施建设、 通桥梁。为了更加规范地组织志愿者活动，提升华新在塔吉克的企业影响力，亚湾公司特成立了志愿者协会，并将汉语课
村容村貌整治等方面都给与了长丰村极大的支持和帮助，长阳公司通过税务局了解到村民危房改造急需水泥 堂设立在亚湾技术医学院，同时免费为学校捐献40本汉语学习书籍。该学院有学生460多人，听闻学校要开汉语课，参加
后，主动捐赠100吨水泥用于长丰村危房改造建设，充分发挥了企业在精准扶贫工作中的帮扶作用，企业切 典礼的同学们挤满教室。典礼一开始，主持人先介绍了亚湾公司志愿者活动的整体方案，让同学们了解志愿者协会不只是
实履行了社会责任。 义务教学，还有困难帮扶、爱心资助、便民服务、安全教育等其他项目。活动现场，志愿者以比赛的形式教同学们“您
Changfeng Village is a poverty-stricken village in Changyang County. Since the implementation of targeted
好”、“您叫什么名字”等汉语，同学们学习热情极高，不到10分钟，就有同学完成了对话并获得了小奖品。
poverty alleviation, the tax bureau of Changyang County has been supporting Changfeng Village. In the past two
Before that, Yavan plant also attached great importance to voluntary teaching activities. For two consecutive years, it sent its
years, Changyang County Taxation Bureau had kept in mind the political responsibility of poverty alleviation, and
employees to teach Chinese in the primary school donated by Huaxin, and built a bridge of friendship between China and
had achieved initial results in helping to get rid of poverty. It had given great support and help to Changfeng
Tajikistan. In order to organize volunteer activities in a more standardized way and enhance Huaxin's corporate influence in
Village in terms of people's livelihood improvement, industrial development, infrastructure construction, village
Tajikistan, Yavan plant had set up a volunteer association, and set up a Chinese class in Yavan Medical College of
appearance improvement, etc. After knowing that the villagers' urgent need for cement for the reconstruction of
technology, and donated 40 Chinese learning books to the school. There are more than 460 students in the college. When
the dangerous houses, the Changyang plant actively donated 100 tons of cement, giving full play to the role of
they heard that there would be Chinese classes in the college, the students attending the ceremony were crowded with
the enterprise in targeted poverty alleviation, and the plant effectively fulfilled its social responsibility.
classrooms. At the beginning of the ceremony, the host first introduced the overall program of the volunteer activities of
长丰村村委会左学琴书记代表全体村民向长阳公司的爱心捐赠表示衷心感谢。她高度赞扬了长阳公司雪中送
Yavan plant, so that the students could understand that the volunteer association was not only teaching, but also other
炭，慷慨捐赠水泥支持长丰村经济社会发展，关心帮助贫困弱势群体，热情为老百姓办实事、办好事的德善
projects such as difficult help, love support, convenient service, safety education, etc. At the activity site, volunteers taught
之行和大爱之举，为社会各界树立了良好的榜样，是脱贫攻坚事业中爱心企业的典范。 students "hello", "What’s your name" and other Chinese in the form of a competition. Students were very enthusiastic about
On behalf of all the villagers, Zuo Xueqin expressed her heartfelt thanks to Changyang plant for donation. She learning. Within 10 minutes, some students could complete the dialogue and won small prizes.
highly praised Changyang plant for generously donating cement to support the economic and social 塔吉克第一频道全程录制了典礼，塔吉克技术医学院负责人高度赞扬了华新义务教学的活动。
development of Changfeng Village, caring about and helping the disadvantaged and vulnerable groups, First channel of Tajikistan recorded the ceremony, and the head of Tajikistan Medical College highly praised Huaxin's
enthusiastically doing good deeds for the people, and setting a good example for the society, Changyang plant teaching activities.
was a model in poverty alleviation.
70 71
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 服务社会 SERVING THE SOCIETY
荆州公司志愿者连续五年关爱陪伴“星星的孩子”
Volunteers from Jingzhou plant cared for “Children of the
Stars” for five consecutive years
让他们感受到社会各界的关怀和友爱。看着他们玩得这么快乐，笑得这么开心，志愿
者们也有一种满足感。
April 2nd of each year is the World Autism Concern Day, volunteers of Jingzhou plant
advocated the transfer of positive energy and carried out caring activities for five
consecutive years, called on the whole society to pay attention to autism and deepened
the society's understanding of autism. Autistic children are like twinkling stars in the
distant sky, far away from our real life; they are called "children of the stars" and live in
their own world like the stars in the sky. They are not deaf, but they don't listen to the
sound; they are not blind, but they turn a blind eye to the people and things around
them; they are not dumb, but they don't know how to speak. For people with autism,
misunderstandings are their biggest obstacle to get social recognition and support. In
order to give autistic children more caring companionship, volunteers from Jingzhou
plant led autistic children to carry out the marathon and watched shows. Volunteers and
autistic children walked along the outer ring road of the ancient city of Jingzhou, enjoyed
the flowers and the scenery. After a while, the group reached the end of Guan Yu Park
4月2日，荆州公司志愿者前往荆州老南门广场，参与由共青团荆州市委、荆州市残
to watch "The World of Guan Yu". After watching the performance, the volunteers
疾人联合会举办的“消除误区倡导全纳”主题关爱自闭症儿童活动，陪伴“星星的
performed with the children, such as "Friendship forever", "Flying Bugs", and "Grateful
孩子”。
Heart", interacted with the children, and giving 12 Children gifts to make them feel caring
On April 2nd, volunteers from Jingzhou plant went to Laonanmen Square in Jingzhou
and friendly from the society. Watching them play so happily and laughed so happily, the
to participate in the activity of caring for children with autism and accompany the
volunteers also had a sense of satisfaction.
“children of Stars” in the theme of "Eliminate misunderstandings and advocate
自闭症需要社会创造条件来接纳他们，使他们融入社会创造自己的价值。为让更多人
inclusive" ,which organized by the Communist Youth League of Jingzhou Municipal
了解关注自闭症人士，让大家的爱心来温暖他们的孤独，荆州公司志愿者还会持续关
Committee and Jingzhou Disabled Persons Federation.
爱帮扶这个特殊的群体。
每年的4月2日是“世界自闭症关注日”，荆州公司志愿者倡导传递正能量，连续五
Autism requires society to create conditions to accept them, integrate them into society
年开展关爱活动，呼吁全社会对自闭症的关注，加深社会对自闭症的了解。自闭症
and create their own value. In order to let more people know and pay attention to autistic
孩子就像遥远的天空中闪烁的星星，远离我们的现实生活，他们被叫做“星星的孩
people, and let everyone's love to warm their loneliness, volunteers of Jingzhou plant will
子”，就像天上的星星一样活在自己的世界里。他们不聋，却对声响充耳不闻；他
continue to care and help this special group.
们不盲，却对周围人与物视而不见；他们不哑，却不知该如何开口说话。对于自闭
症人士而言，误区是其获得社会认同与支持的最大障碍。为给予自闭症孩子更多的
关爱陪伴，荆州公司志愿者带领自闭症孩子开展环城马拉松暨关爱自闭症儿童文艺
汇演活动。志愿者和自闭症孩子们迈着快乐的步伐沿着荆州古城外环道行走，赏花
看景，好不惬意。不一会儿，一行人到达了终点关公义园观看《关公的世界》。看
完演出，志愿者和自闭症孩子一起进行表演，用心演绎《友谊地久天长》、《虫儿
飞》、《感恩的心》等节目，与自闭症孩子互动，给参加活动的12个孩子送礼物，
72 73
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 服务社会 SERVING THE SOCIETY
桑植公司“六一”慰问残疾儿童情暖人间 研发中心志愿者慰问福利院残疾儿童
Sangzhi plant went to comfort disabled children on Children’s Day Volunteers of R & D center visited disabled children in Wuhan welfare homes
为积极响应第二十九次全国助残日活动号召，研发中心志愿者团队于5月17日到武汉市儿童福利
为迎接“六一”儿童节的到来，5月31日，桑植公司党委组织志愿者代表走进
院对残疾儿童进行慰问。
桑植县启智特殊学校，与40余名残障孩子一同欢庆“六一”儿童节，为他们
In order to actively respond to the call of the 29th national disabled day, the volunteer team of the R
送去节日礼物和爱心祝福。
& D center went to Wuhan children's Welfare Institute on May 17th to offer condolences to
In order to welcome the coming children's day, on May 31st, Sangzhi plant
disabled children.
organized volunteer to Qizhi special school of Sangzhi county to celebrate the
武汉市儿童福利院是政府举办的武汉市唯一的儿童福利事业单位，常年养育670余名孤残儿童，
children's day with more than 40 disabled children, and send them holiday gifts
其中90%是残疾儿童。研发中心志愿者在慰问前多次与儿童福利院工作人员联系，切实了解残
and love blessings.
疾儿童情况与需求，积极主动预约慰问时间，为慰问残疾儿童提前做好准备。来到儿童福利院
当日上午9时，桑植公司志愿者一行7人带着精心为残疾儿童准备的书包、水
后，志愿者了解到这些儿童很多出生没多久就来到了福利院，或多或少存在肢体或智力上的残
彩笔、铅笔、绘画本等来到学校，在校长钟培生带领下参观了学校，了解学生
疾，他们从小就没有来自父母的关怀与照顾。为加强与残疾儿童的互动，让他们感到关怀，志
们的学习生活情况。随后，志愿者们开始与残障儿童进行沟通交流。在学校操
愿者们观看了小朋友们的演出。虽然他们的动作没有那么整齐，但可以看出他们背后的努力，
场上，孩子们为志愿者们表演了舞蹈，志愿者也与他们一起唱歌，一起互动游
演出后现场掌声一片。志愿者还与小朋友们一起参与了手工、绘画、书法等活动，并鼓励他们
戏，操场上变成了欢乐的海洋。临走时，志愿者们与孩子们一起合影留念，把
每一天都要开心快乐。最后，志愿者团队为小朋友们送上了手绘本、奶粉等物品，福利院工作
最美的微笑留在这里。孩子们依依不舍地将志愿者们送到学校门口，感谢志愿
人员对华新水泥研发中心志愿者团队表示深深地感谢。
者陪伴他们度过一上午的愉快时光。
Wuhan children's Welfare Institute is the only children's welfare institution in Wuhan organized by
At 9 a.m. that day, seven volunteers from Sangzhi plant came to the school with
the government. It nurtures more than 670 orphaned and disabled children all year round, 90% of
schoolbags, color pens, pencils, drawing books, etc. for disabled children. They
them are disabled children. The volunteers contacted the staff of the children's Welfare Institute for
visited the school and understood the students' learning and living conditions.
many times to understand the situation and needs of disabled children, and actively made an
Then, volunteers began to communicate with disabled children. In the school
appointment and prepared for disabled children in advance. After arriving in the children's welfare
playground, the children performed dances for the volunteers, and the
home, the volunteers learned that many of these children came to the welfare home shortly after
volunteers sang and played games with them. The playground became a sea of
their birth, with more or less physical or intellectual disabilities. They had no care from their parents
joy. Before leaving, the volunteers took photos with the children, leaving the
since childhood. In order to strengthen the interaction with disabled children and make them feel
most beautiful smile there. The children reluctantly sent the volunteers to the
care, volunteers watched the children's performances. Although their movements were not so
school gate, thanking the volunteers for spending half a day with them.
neat, we could see the efforts behind them. After the performance, there was a lot of applause.
此次活动，不仅为特殊学校的孩子们送去了“六一”节日的问候，而且让志愿
Volunteers also participated in hand-made, painting, calligraphy and other activities with children,
者们增强了社会责任感。接下来，桑植公司将一如既往的用实际行动帮助残疾
and encouraged them to be happy every day. Finally, the volunteer team gave the children hand-
儿童们克服困难，号召更多的志愿者关爱弱势群体，形成人人关爱弱势群体、
painted books, milk powder and other goods. The staff of the Welfare Institute expressed deep
人人热心扶残助残的社会新风尚。 gratitude to the volunteer team of Huaxin Cement R & D center.
This activity not only sent greetings to children in special schools on children’s 在这次活动里，志愿者见到的只是非常少的一部分残疾儿童，但只要人人都充满爱心，传递正
day, but also enhanced the volunteers’ sense of social responsibility. Next,
能量，就一定能营造全社会关心支持残疾人事业的良好氛围，让更多的残疾儿童感受到关怀！
Sangzhi plant would, as always use practical actions to help disabled children
In this activity, volunteers saw only a very small number of disabled children, but as long as
overcome difficulties, call on more volunteers to care for vulnerable groups, and
everyone is full of love and transmits positive energy, it will certainly create a good atmosphere for
form a new social trend that everyone cares for vulnerable groups and everyone
the whole society to care and support the disabled children, so that more disabled children will feel
is enthusiastic about helping disabled people.
care!
74 75
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 服务社会 SERVING THE SOCIETY
不忘初心十五年 宜昌公司公益善举成佳话 重庆盐井公司收购滞销大米助力封坝村精准扶贫
Fifteen years without forgetting the beginningYichang's charity became a good story Chongqing Yanjing plant purchased unsalable rice to help fengba village in targeted poverty
alleviation
7月3日，宜昌公司向宜都市捐赠2000吨水 “真的没想到，真的是太好了，我们不晓得怎么感谢你们，帮我们解
泥，当日在潘家湾乡举行签字仪式并召开 决了大米销路问题，你们华新扶真贫、真扶贫!”近日，盐井公司执
座谈会，宜都市副市长杨晓军、湖北西区 行总经理邱旺先带领志愿者一行来到潼南县塘坝镇封坝村马慧、王尚
事业部水泥工业总监、宜昌公司执行总经 志，沈文连，沈文章，邱体国等7户贫困户家中，一次性购买了他们
理邓锡坤等代表出席。 家的2600斤大米，用行动帮助贫困村民解决粮食销路问题，获得村
On July 3rd, Yichang plant donated 2000 民们的好评。
tons of cement to Yidu city. On the same "I didn't expect that. It's really great. We don't know how to thank you for
day, the signing ceremony and symposium helping us solve the problem of rice market. Huaxin helps the real poor
were held in Panjiawan town. Yang Xiaojun, and really helps the poor." Recently, Qiu Wangxian, executive general
deputy mayor of Yidu City, Deng Xikun, manager of Yanjing plant, led a group of volunteers to seven poor households, including Mahui, Wang Shangzhi, Shen
director of cement industry of Hubei West Wenlian, Shen Wen, Qiu tiguo, in Fengba village, Tangba Town, Tongnan County, for one-time purchased 1300kg rice.
business unit and executive general They solved the problem of grain marketing with their actions and won the praise of the villagers.
manager of Yichang plant attended the ceremony. 封坝村是市级贫困村，地处偏僻，民风淳朴，村民们主要以耕种作物为收入来源，所有作物均不施农药化肥，今年风
自2004年以来，宜昌公司连续十五年来向宜都市累计捐赠水泥约3万吨，用于支持宜都市新农村及精准扶贫
调雨顺，稻谷获得了大丰收，该村村民和驻村扶贫干部却为丰收后的大米苦寻销路。
项目建设。今年，该公司再次向宜都市捐赠水泥2000吨，华新水泥不忘初心，积极投身社会公益事业，履行 Fengba village is a city level poverty-stricken village, which is located in a remote place with simple folk customs. The
社会责任，助力地方精准扶贫，助力地方经济腾飞的勇敢担当。杨晓军对华新连续15年捐赠水泥的善举给予 villagers mainly rely on farming crops as their source of income. All crops are free of pesticide and chemical fertilizer. In
高度赞扬，对华新积极履行企业社会责任，全力支持宜都市新农村建设和精准扶贫工作给予高度评价，并表 2019, the weather was good and the rice harvest was good. The villagers and poverty alleviation cadres in the village were
示将一如既往为企业排忧解难，继续增强服务意识，为企业提供良好的政务环境。 struggling to find a market for the rice after the harvest.
Since 2004, Yichang plant has donated about 30000 tons of cement to Yidu city for 15 consecutive years to 得知情况后，盐井公司立即联系封坝村建档立卡贫困户马慧等人，计划收购他们的大米，用于食堂员工餐。收购现
support the construction of new rural areas and targeted poverty alleviation projects in Yidu city. In 2019, the plant 场，盐井公司执行总经理邱旺先与向村民们面对面沟通：“盐井公司将继续根据大米采购行情，本着精准扶贫的原
donated 2000 tons of cement to Yidu city again. Huaxin Cement had never forgotten its original intention, actively 则，积极购买封坝村的爱心大米用于员工工作餐；同时面向封坝村招聘贫困户大学生、中专院校生等，希望通过招聘
engaged in social public welfare undertakings, fulfilled social responsibilities, helped local targeted poverty 贫困家庭学生进入公司工作的机会，协助大家摆脱贫困，实现全家脱贫目标。” 村民纷纷点赞，驻村干部尹波说道：
alleviation, and helped local economy to take off bravely. Yang Xiaojun highly praised Huaxin's donation of cement
“非常感谢盐井公司及时伸出援助之手！”
for 15 consecutive years, highly praised Huaxin's active performance of corporate social responsibility, full support
After learning about the situation, Yanjing plant immediately contacted Ma Hui and other poverty-stricken family in Fengba
for the new rural construction and targeted poverty alleviation in Yidu City, and said that he would, as always,
village, to purchase their rice for canteen staff meals. At the site, Qiu Wangxian communicated face-to-face with the
solved problems for enterprises, continued to enhance government service awareness, and provided good
villagers: "Yanjing plant will continue to purchase the rice of Fengba village for employees' meals based on the rice market
government environment for enterprises.
and the principle of targeted poverty alleviation; meanwhile, we will recruit poor college students and secondary school
华新连续15年通过捐赠水泥这一方式，强势助力地方精准扶贫和社会经济发展，累计价值超过1000万元以
students from Fengba village, hoping to help everyone out of poverty and achieve the goal of poverty alleviation by enter
上，在宜都实体企业中排第一位，充分彰显华新水泥的良好精神风貌与责任担当，已成宜都佳话并广为传 the company through the recruitment." The villagers praised one after another, and Yin Bo, the cadre in the village, said,
颂。活动结束后，第一批装载500吨水泥的车队启程，运往潘家湾乡、五眼泉镇的项目建设现场，此次捐赠 "Thank you very much for Yanjing plant's timely help!"
涉及全市35个村，将直接惠及1万余人。 盐井公司始终秉持“为民”情怀，不忘“为民”初衷，始终把脱贫攻坚作为一项政治任务和社会责任，用实际行动助
For 15 consecutive years, Huaxin had made a strong contribution to local targeted poverty alleviation and 力封坝村贫困群众脱贫摘帽，充分彰显企业的社会责任担当。离别时，村民纷纷在道路两边与盐井公司志愿者挥手告
economic development by donating cement, with a cumulative value of more than 10 million yuan, ranking first 别，一路欢送到村口。
among the real enterprises in Yidu, fully demonstrating the good spirit and responsibility of Huaxin Cement, which
Yanjing plants always adhered to the sentiment of “for the people” and never forget the original intention of "for the
had become a good story of Yidu and widely praised. After the activity, 500 tons of cement was transport to the
people". It always took poverty alleviation as a political task and social responsibility. It helped the poor people in Fengba
project construction site of Panjiawan Township and Wuyanquan town. The donation involves 35 villages in the
village to get rid of poverty with practical actions, fully demonstrating the social responsibility of the enterprise. When the
city and would directly benefit more than 10000 people.
volunteers leaving, villagers waved their hands on both sides of the road and send them off to the entrance of the village.
76 77
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 服务社会 SERVING THE SOCIETY
铲除山体滑坡 确保道路畅通 水果滞销果农一筹莫展 赤壁公司志愿者倾力助销近2万斤
Eradicate landslides to ensure smooth roads Fruit farmers were at a loss due to unsalable fruits, volunteers of Chibi plant Helped to Sell Nearly 10,000
kg
--秭归环保志愿者在行动
“感谢多次出手相助，家中积压的八月瓜越来越少了，和你们做邻居真好！”10月15日
Volunteers from Zigui ECO plant in action
下午，望着越来越火的水果销售场面，赤壁市中伙铺镇南山村艾芪果园70后返乡创业农
民艾建州脸上挂满了笑容，向赤壁公司志愿者连声道谢。
为构建和谐企地关系，提高公司员工的使命感与责任感。 9月
“Thank you so much. There are fewer and fewer August melons at home. It's good to be a
11日，秭归环保身穿红马甲的6名志愿者服务队对工厂外通往鸡米
neighbor with you! “On the afternoon of October 15th, looking at the increasingly hot fruit
寺村的山体滑坡地段进行了彻底清除，以实际行动诠释了当代青年 sales scene, Ai Jianzhou just returned home to start business in Aiqi orchard, Nanshan
志愿者应有的“担当”精神。 village, zhonghupu Town, Chibi City, who was full of smiles and thanked the volunteers of
In order to build a harmonious corporate-local residents relationship, Chibi plant.
improve the sense of mission and responsibility of employees. On 艾芪果园位于赤壁公司门前华新路两侧，主要种植70亩水果八月瓜。八月瓜俗称“八月
September 11st, six volunteers of Zigui ECO plant's removed the 炸”，属于木通科，五六月开花结果，成熟期在每年农历八九月份。今年果园为第二年
landslide area outside of the plant leading to Jimisi Village, and
挂果，产量约6万斤。因为产量大，果实成熟期集中，且不易保鲜，强大的销售压力让艾
interpreted the "responsibility" spirit of contemporary youth volunteers
建州夫妇眉头紧锁。
with practical actions.
Aiqi orchard is located on both sides of Huaxin road in front of the Chibi plant. It mainly grows
位于秭归工厂院墙外的一条支线公路盘山而建，是通往郭家坝镇鸡米寺村的必经之路，道路崎岖且比较狭窄，常年受雨水影响，有
70 mu August melons. August melon, commonly known as "August fried", belongs to the
几处滑坡地段容易坍塌石子和泥土，严重影响道路过往车辆及行人安全。
Akebia family. It blooms and bears fruit in May and June, and its maturity is in August and
The branch road outside the courtyard of the Zigui plant was built in a mountainous way. It was the only way to go to Jimisi Village of
September of the lunar calendar every year. 2019 was the second year of fruit bearing, with
Guojiaba Town. The road was rugged and narrow. It was affected by rain all year round. The soil seriously affected the safety of passing
an output of about 30000 kg. Because of the large output, concentrated fruit maturity,
vehicles and pedestrians on the road.
and not easy to keep fresh, strong sales pressure made the couple in frown.
因此，在11日下午两点左右，秭归环保工厂由生产主管崔晓波牵头组织休假的员工，成立6人志愿者服务队，将该路段的2处滑坡
赤壁公司志愿者得知艾建州一家的难处时，主动联系，努力帮其解决燃眉之急。国庆节
地段进行彻底铲除，大家开着装载机、带上撮箕、锄头、铁锹等工具到达坍塌现场。首先，由崔晓波强调大家在活动中要注意的安
前夕，志愿者合理分工，或到果园拍摄照片，或向艾建州及网络了解八月瓜特性，制作
全和纪律，并在该路段两头各100米处设置好安全防护路障，提示过往车辆和行人减速慢行，前方在清理路面。然后，大家开始分
优美图文发布在赤壁热线、新浪微博、百度客户端等网站及微信公众号上，全方位展示
工合作，一人开着装载机，一人维护现场交通秩序，另外四人开始大干起来，搬石头、铲泥土……大家干劲十足，把此次志愿者活
八月瓜“生态种植、经典美味；较香蕉细嫩、比蜂蜜甘甜”等卖点，累计点击超万人
动当成自己的工作一样尽心尽力的去完成。尽管汗水湿透了脸颊和衣服，大家顾不上去擦拭，而是选择继续默默地奉献着自己的那
次，引来了一波销售热。
份力量。通过2小时的默契合作，大家彻底铲除了该路段2处坍塌的泥土，将安全隐患扼杀在萌芽状态。
When Chibi volunteers learned of the difficulties of the Ai Jianzhou family, they actively
Therefore, at about 2 pm on the 11th, production supervisor Cui Xiaobo organized vacation employees and set up a six-person volunteer
contacted and worked hard to help them solve their urgent problems. On the eve of National
service team to completely eliminate the two landslides on the road. They arrived at the collapse site with loaders, dustpans, hoes,
Day, volunteers divided their labors reasonably, some took photos in orchards, some learned
spades and other tools. First of all, Cui Xiaobo stressed the safety and discipline that everyone should pay attention to during the activity,
about the characteristics of August melon from Aijianzhou and the Internet, and produced
and set up safety protection barricades at 100 meters at both ends of the road to remind passing vehicles and pedestrians to slow down.
beautiful graphics and published them on Chibi hotline, Sina Weibo, Baidu client, WeChat
Then, everyone began to work together. One person was driving a loader, the other one was maintaining the traffic order on the site, and
public account and other websites, fully displayed “eco-cultivation, classic taste; tenderer
the other four started carrying stones and shoveling soil. Volunteers were full of energy, and took this volunteer activity as work to
than banana, sweeter than honey” and other selling points, with cumulative clicks exceeding
complete. Although the sweat soaked the cheeks and clothes, they didn't care to wipe them, but chose to continue to dedicate their
10,000, and attracted a wave of sales.
strength silently. Through two hours of tacit cooperation, they have completely eradicated the two collapsed soils in this road, killing the
国庆节后，志愿者敏锐地预判到封闭多年的107国道中伙铺铁路立交桥建成通车会成为赤
potential safety hazards in the bud.
壁市一大新闻热点，建议果园采取以喜迎立交桥开通为主题的八月瓜“买5送1”钜惠活
往来车辆司机及行人纷纷为志愿者们鼓掌点赞，投来感激和赞许的目光，其中一位老人说道：“有你们真好！”一个简单的动作、
动，即10月8日起转发公众号推文链接，现场购买5斤八月瓜赠送1斤八月瓜，持续半
一个感激的眼神、一句短短的话语，却能让志愿者们笑的如此灿烂！此次鸡米寺村级道路滑坡的清理，不仅保障了村民及车辆出行
月。志愿者还帮忙编写文案，主动联系当地媒体进行宣传。活动一经推出，便受到赤壁
的安全，更进一步增强了员工之间的凝聚力。让大家感受到了劳动中的乐趣和奉献精神！
消费者热捧，10月15日立交桥开通后，当天销量达到往日的两三倍，大大“消化”了积
Drivers and pedestrians thanked and applauded. One of the old man said, "It's nice to have you!" A simple action, a grateful look, a short
word, but can make volunteers laugh so brightly! The clearing of landslides at the village level of Jimisi not only ensured the safety of
villagers and vehicles, but also further strengthened the cohesion among employees. Let everyone feel the fun and dedication in labor!
78 79
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 服务社会 SERVING THE SOCIETY
云龙公司荣获大理州“扶贫明星企业”称号
Yunlong plant won the title of "Star Enterprise for Poverty Alleviation" in Dali
压库存。目前，在大家的共同努力下，销售了近2万斤八月瓜。看到成熟的果子
不断“变现”，压在艾建州夫妇心里的石头终于落了地。
After the National Day, volunteers keenly predicted that the National Highway 107
was open to traffic would become a major news hot spot in Chibi City, and 10月17日，大理州召开2019年“扶贫日大会”，对2019年脱贫攻
suggested that the orchard take "buy 5 get 1 free" sales promotion activity based on 坚先进基层党组织、优秀党组织书记、扶贫明星企业等进行通报表
the theme of opening of overpass. That was, forward the public tweet link from
扬，云龙公司荣获大理州扶贫开发领导组颁发扶贫明星企业称号，
October 8th, you can purchase 2.5 kg of August melon on site and give 0.5 kg for
以表彰该公司在大理州云龙县的扶贫攻坚支持工作中的优异表现。
half a month. Volunteers also helped write the copy and took the initiative to contact
On October 17th, Dali Prefecture held the "2019 Poverty Alleviation
the local media for publicity. Once the event was launched, it was enthusiastically
Day Conference" to publicize the advanced grassroots party
welcomed by Chibi consumers. After the opening of the overpass on October 15th,
organizations, secretaries of outstanding party organizations, and star
the sales volume on that day reached two or three times that of the previous day,
enterprises in poverty alleviation in 2019. Yunlong plant was awarded
which greatly "digested" the backlog of inventory. At present, with everyone's joint
the title of Star Enterprise for Poverty Alleviation by the Leading Group
efforts, nearly 20,000 kg of August melon has been sold. Seeing that the ripe fruit
of Poverty Alleviation and Development of Dali Prefecture in recognition
was constantly sold, the stones pressed on the hearts of the Ai Jianzhou couple
of its outstanding performance in poverty alleviation and support work in Yunlong County, Dali State.
finally landed on the ground.
一直以来，云龙公司积极响应党和国家的号召，在集团公司精准扶贫工作领导小组、志愿者活动小组的正确领导下，持续
据悉，为打造和谐企业周边关系，以实际行动促进农民脱贫致富，助力乡村振
向云龙县扶贫攻坚工作贡献自身的力量。今年以来，公司通过调研走访，了解扶贫需要，并将扶贫需要与工厂自身情况进
兴，今年以来，赤壁公司志愿者还坚持帮果农除草、进行品牌包装宣传，赢得周
行有机结合，从而全面支持云龙县乡村道路硬化、人居环境整治提升、农户五改项目。
边农民的普遍好评。志愿者们表示，下一步还将全力支持周边农民返乡创业、做
For a long time, Yunlong plant actively responded to the call of the Party and the Country, and under the correct leadership of
大做强，以实际行动做企业周边农户的“好邻居”、“好帮手”、“好智囊”。
the Group's Leading Group for Poverty Alleviation and Volunteer activities, continued to contribute its own strength to the
It was reported that, in order to build harmonious corporate peripheral relations, take
poverty alleviation work of Yunlong County. Since the beginning of 2019 the plant had conducted research and visits to
practical actions to promote farmers to get rid of poverty and help the villages
understand the needs of poverty alleviation, and combined the needs of poverty alleviation with the situation of the plant itself,
rejuvenate, since 2019, Chibi volunteers had also persisted in helping fruit farmers
thus fully supporting the rural road hardening, improvement of human settlement environment, and five transformation projects
weed and carrying out brand packaging promotion, which had won widespread
in Yunlong County.
praise from surrounding farmers. Volunteers said that in the next step, they would
今年6月，公司党委组织党员志愿者突击队，联合漕涧镇仁山村村委及党员开展仁山村清洁志愿者活动，改善社区人居环
also fully support surrounding farmers to return hometowns to start businesses and
境。今年8月，为了助力云龙县脱贫攻坚，云龙公司精准扶贫小组多次到部分乡村进行扶贫走访、调研，在收到县脱贫攻
grow bigger and stronger, and take practical actions to become "good neighbors",
坚指挥部发出的捐赠函后，积极与云龙县政府办及捐赠需求乡、村沟通，向云龙县政府捐赠水泥700吨，其中，漕涧镇仁
"good helpers", and "good think tanks" for farmers around the plant.
山村100 吨、漕涧镇鹿山村100 吨、检槽乡文兴村150 吨、苗尾乡苗尾村200 吨、检槽乡炼登村150 吨，惠及云龙县
5个村，至少200户家庭。
In June of 2019, the plant's Party committee organized a commando of party volunteers, and joined with party members of
Renshan Village to carry out clean activities to improve the living environment of the community. In August, in order to help
Yunlong county overcome poverty, the Yunlong Targeted Poverty Alleviation team visited and investigated in several villages.
After receiving the donation letter issued by the county poverty alleviation headquarters, the plant actively communicated with
the Yunlong County government, and donated 700 tons of cement to Yunlong County Government, of which 100 tons to
Renshan Village, 100 tons to Lushan Village, 150 tons to Wenxing Village, 200 tons to Miaowei Village, 150 tons to Liandeng
Village, it would benefit 5 villages in Yunlong County and at least 200 families.
云龙公司以积极、务实的态度，高度的责任感赢得了政府及周边社区居民的交口称赞，后期，云龙公司将继续为脱贫攻坚
发挥积极作用，为打赢打好脱贫攻坚战役贡献力量。
With a positive and pragmatic attitude and a high sense of responsibility, Yunlong plant has won praises from the government
and residents of surrounding communities. In the later stage, Yunlong plant will continue to play an active role in fighting poverty
and contribute to winning the battle.
80 81
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 服务社会 SERVING THE SOCIETY
襄城公司志愿者服务项目入选湖北省“团建优品汇”优秀共青团项目 东川公司开展“温暖童心 快乐六一”慰问贫困小学活动
Xiangcheng plant Volunteer Service Project was selected as the Excellent Communist Youth Dongchuan plant launched "warm childishness, happy June 1st"
League Project of Hubei Province sympathy for poor elementary schools
近日，从共青团湖北省委获悉，襄城公司志愿服务项目成功入选
全省“团建优品汇”项目。
Recently, known from the Hubei Provincial Committee of the
Communist Youth League, Xiangcheng's voluntary service project
was successfully selected into the provincial "Excellent Practices in
Communist Youth League building” project.
“团建优品汇”项目评选是团省委面向各级团组织开展的，以发
现、展示、交流基层在共青团工作和建设中创造的特色工作、活
动和项目为内容的竞优性选拔活动，并给予一定资金或物资支
持，通过项目化管理方式推动基层团组织工作创新和活力提升。
扎实有效，示范性强，参与度高、反响好的项目和单位，作为典
型，选送至团省委参加评选。
5月31日，在六一国际儿童节来临之际，东川公司团委携团区委志愿者慰问了拖布卡
"Excellent Practices in Communist Youth League building” project selection was carried out by the Provincial Committee of
苦桃树小学111名贫困学生，为他们带去消防知识讲座、才艺表演、趣味游戏等活
the Communist Youth League, for youth organizations at all levels. It was a competitive selection activities based on the
动，将华新的温暖送进这些孩子心中，与小朋友们共同庆祝了一个难忘而有意义的
discovery, display, and exchange of unique work, activities, and projects created in the work and construction of the
节日。
Communist Youth League, and given certain funding or material support to promote the innovation and increase vitality of
grassroots youth organizations. Projects and units which were solid, effective, highly demonstrative, highly engaged, and On May 31st, before International Children's Day, volunteers of Dongchuan plant sent
well received would be selected as model to Provincial Committee of the Communist Youth League to participate in the love to 111 impoverished students in Tuobuka Kutaoshu Elementary School and
selection. brought them firefighting lectures, talent shows, and fun games and other activities,
brought Huaxin's warmth to the hearts of these children and celebrated an unforgettable
襄城公司志愿服务队于2010年组建，公司全体干部职工为队员，以青年员工为主力，在青年员工中长期持续性开展志
and meaningful festival with the children.
愿服务，通过引导激发团员青年参与社会服务，帮助留守儿童、周边困难家庭、孤寡老人等社会弱势群体，提供思想
苦桃树小学位于拖布卡镇北部山顶，全校共有6个年级，另外还有一个幼儿班，含幼
帮扶、物质帮扶、行动帮扶等义务送温暖送爱心活动，弘扬社会新风，履行企业社会责任，塑造良好企业形象。
儿班全校学生只有111名，教师7名，为当地较偏远贫困的学校之一。因师资力量薄
2010年至今开展志愿者活动近两百次。在服务工厂周边村民、敬老爱幼、关注弱势群体、扶残助困等方面开展了大量
弱，该校缺乏音乐、美术、舞蹈等老师，因此学校很少组织文体活动，就连这个本
而卓有成效的工作，得到了周边民众、工业园管委会、区团委、区工会等社会各届的一致好评。开展的爱心助学等系
该庆祝的六一活动也无法正常开展。东川公司管理层在了解情况后，立即发动公司
列活动得到襄阳日报等媒体的广泛关注，连续三年荣获华新“志愿服务优秀单位”。
团委提前一个月做足准备，在儿童节前夕给这帮贫困孩子一个惊喜。当天，志愿者
Xiangcheng plant's volunteer service team was established in 2010, with all cadres and employees as team members and
们早早来到学校，天空淅淅沥沥的下着小雨，得知华新水泥志愿者们的到来，学校
young employees as the main force to carry out long-term and sustained volunteer service among young employees.
Through guiding and motivating Youth League members to participate in social services, such as helped the left behind 一下子沸腾起来，孩子们早已整齐的穿着校服在门口等候，以最纯真质朴的笑容表
children, surrounding families with difficulties, lonely old people and other social vulnerable groups to provide ideological 示欢迎远道而来的客人。
assistance, material assistance, action assistance and other love activities. It promoted new social trends, fulfilled corporate Kutaoshu Elementary School was located on the top of the mountain in the northern
social responsibility, and shaped a good corporate image. Since 2010, nearly 200 volunteer activities have been carried out. part of Tuobuka town. There were 6 grades and a kindergarten class. There were only
It has carried out a lot of effective work in serving the villagers around the plant, respected the old and cherished the young, 111 students and 7 teachers. Due to weak faculty, the school lacked of teachers in
paid attention to the vulnerable groups, helped the disabled and helping the poor, etc., and has been unanimously praised music, art, dance, etc. Therefore, the school rarely organized cultural and sports
by the surrounding people, the Industrial Park Management Committee, the District Youth League Committee, the District activities, and even Children's Day activities. After knowing the situation, the
Labor Union and other social sessions. The series of activities, such as love education, have been widely concerned by management of Dongchuan plant immediately mobilized the Youth League Committee
Xiangyang Daily and other media, and won the "excellent volunteer service unit" of Huaxin for three consecutive years. to make preparations one month in advance, to surprise the poor children on the eve of
82 83
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 服务社会 SERVING THE SOCIETY
Children's Day. On that day, the volunteers came to the school early. It was raining. The school excited all at 五里乡位于鹤峰县东南部，全境皆为山区，群山连绵，沟壑纵横，平均海拔1140米，典型的以二
once after knowing the arrival of Huaxin Cement volunteers. The children had already dressed neatly in the 高山为主，同时五里乡更是一片红色革命的沃土，由于地势地理条件等原因，部分村民生产生活
school uniform and waited at the door with the purest and simple smile and welcome guests.
条件还是较落后。为了助力革命老区相关基础设施建设，改善五里红色革命老区面貌，宣扬“红
活动在欢快的旋律中拉开了帷幕，东川公司工会、团委代表在仪式上对老师和学生致以节日的问候和祝福，
色文化”，传承红色精神，坚守不忘初心的使命，决定向红色革命老区捐赠水泥100吨助力老区解
希望孩子们刻苦学习，将来成为有用的人，用双手改变家乡、造福百姓。随后，消防管理的志愿者在教室里
决产业发展设施、人居环境整治、基础设施补短板等生产生活实际困难。
为全校师生开展了一堂校园消防安全知识讲座，并在操场上进行了实操消防演练，增强孩子消防安全防护意
Wuli Township is located in the southeast of Hefeng County. The whole area is mountainous with an
识。其他的志愿者为孩子们当起了文体老师，给孩子们带来了唱歌、跆拳道等才艺表演和“桃花朵朵开”等 average altitude of 1140 meters. At the same time, Wuli Township is a fertile land for the Red
趣味游戏，学校到处充满欢声笑语。 Revolution. Geographical conditions and other reasons, some villagers' production and living conditions
The event opened in a cheerful melody. The representatives of Dongchuan's labor union and the Youth League were still backward. In order to help the construction of related infrastructure in the old revolutionary
Committee sent festive greetings and blessings to teachers and students at the ceremony. Volunteers hoped area, improve the appearance of the five-mile red revolutionary old area, promote the "red culture",
that the children would study hard and became useful people in the future and could benefit of the people. inherit the red spirit, and adhere to the mission of never forgetting its original intention, Hefeng plant
Subsequently, volunteers from fire management conducted a lecture on fire safety knowledge for teachers and decided to donate 100 tons of cement to the red revolutionary old area to help the old area solve
students in the classroom, and conducted practical fire drills on the playground to enhance children's awareness industrial development facilities, practical difficulties in production and life such as improvement of
of fire safety protection. Other volunteers served as teachers for the children, bringing them talented human settlements and infrastructure.
performances such as singing, taekwondo, and fun games such as "Peach Blossoms", and the school was full 捐赠仪式上，鹤峰公司总经理朱威、行政经理徐大桂向五里乡授送100吨水泥捐赠牌，并将水泥送
of laughter. 往村级现场用于解决当前部分村民生产生活实际困难问题。五里乡党委副书记、乡长刘万红对华
东川公司自建厂以来，每年都会为周边社区、偏远山区的贫困儿童、留守儿童、残疾儿童送去温暖，通过 新水泥鹤峰公司助力革命老区发展捐赠行动表示衷心感谢，并表示在各级党委政府和爱心企业的
“流动教室”的方式传授学生知识，帮助他们成长，用最淳朴的方式让爱传递，在东川的脱贫道路上用实际 帮扶下，要进一步扎实推进各项扶贫政策真正惠及到每一个困难群众，将华新水泥的爱心捐赠落
行动默默努力着。 到实处，做到物尽其用，带领全乡人民早日走上致富之路，并向鹤峰公司赠送了“携手革命老区
Since Dongchuan plant established in Dongchuan, every year, it had sent warmth to the poor children, left-behind
建设，共筑美丽和谐鹤峰”的锦旗。
children and children with disabilities in the surrounding communities and remote mountainous areas, and taught
At the donation ceremony, Zhu Wei, the general manager of Hefeng plant, and Xu Dagui, the
the students through "mobile classrooms" to help them grow. Love passed on, and Dongchuan plant silently
administrative manager, gave 100 tons of cement donation cards to Wuli Township, and sent the
worked with practical actions on Dongchuan's road to poverty alleviation.
cement to the site to solve the practical difficulties in production and life of some villagers. Liu
Wanhong, head of the township, expressed his sincere gratitude to Huaxin Cement Hefeng plant for
its donation, and said that with the help of governments and caring enterprises, it was necessary to
further promote all poverty alleviation policies and benefit every difficult people, implement the loving
鹤峰公司捐赠水泥助力五里乡红色革命老区建设
donation of Huaxin Cement to make the best use of it, and lead the people of the township to the road
Hefeng plant donated cement to help the construction of the Red Revolutionary Old
of wealth as soon as possible. Liu Wanhong presented Hefeng plant with the pennant of “Hand in
District in Wuli Township
hand with the construction of a revolutionary old area, building a beautiful and harmonious Hefeng”.
鹤峰公司助力革命老区建设此举得到了当地政府和当地老百姓的交口称赞,进一步树立了鹤峰公司
良好的企业社会形象，构建了和谐的周边关系。
8月24日上午10时，华新水泥鹤峰公司在鹤峰
Hefeng plant's assistance in the construction of the old revolutionary base area was highly praised by
县五里乡水泉村举行援助红色革命老区建设捐
the local government and local people, further established a good corporate social image of Hefeng
赠水泥仪式，为其送去水泥100吨，助力老区
plant and building a harmonious surrounding relationship.
基础设施建设。
At 10:00 on August 24th, Huaxin Cement Hefeng
plant held a donation ceremony to aid the
construction of the Red Revolutionary Old District
in Shuiquan Village, Wuli Township, Hefeng
County, sending 100 tons of cement to help the
infrastructure construction in the old district.
84 85
2019企业社会责任报告 CSR REPORT 服务社会 SERVING THE SOCIETY
动
感
间
瞬
G
N
S
I
H T
C N
U E
O M
T O
M 重庆盐井公司收购 房县公司生产部志愿 长阳公司志愿者开展垃 迪庆公司志愿者帮
者走进小学开展安全 圾分类知识宣传活动
滞销大米助力封坝 助贫困农户种植药
知识宣传活动
村精准扶贫 材促增收
参天公司开展“插
秧助农”志愿者活 郴州公司“助残
动 日”送关怀
襄阳公司志愿者为 恩施公司志愿者帮
木园村缺水村民送 助退伍老兵挖莲藕
水获好评 解燃眉之急
盐井公司举行村企共建“庆六一”
西藏公司向桑日县绒乡捐赠500吨
活动助力周边儿童健康成长
水泥助力精准扶贫
不忘初心十五年 宜 日喀则公司结对帮
昌公司公益善举成 扶暖人心
佳话
储运公司志愿者清 渠县公司志愿者 襄城公司志愿者帮 鹤峰公司助力贫
理江面垃圾守护 帮助农民清理出 助村民抢收蔬菜 困五保户修建入
“母亲河” 行道路 户公路
86 87