2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
ANNUAL SUSTAINABLE
DEVELOPMENT REPORT
Hunan Valin Steel Co., Ltd.
1
About This Report
Report Description Report Basis
This report is the fifth annual sustainable development report (formerly the annual environmental, social This report is primarily referenced theG uidelines for the Standard Operation of Main Board Listed Companies,
responsibility and corporate governance report) of Hunan Valin Steel Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Valin Steel', Memorandum on Information Disclosure for Main Board Listed Companies No. 1 – Matters Related to the Disclosure
"the Company", or "we"). This report provides a truthful and objective overview of Valin Steel and its controlled of Regulare Reports, Self-Regulatory Guidelines for Listed Companies No.17: Sustainability Reports issued by the
subsidiaries activities in fulfilling their responsibilities in environmental, social responsibility, and corporate Shenzhen Stock Exchange; "Guidelines for Compiling Corporate Social Responsibility Reports in China (CASS-
governance in 2024. It focuses on disclosing relevant information regarding the Company's performance in social, ESG 6.0)" by the China Enterprise Reform and Development Society, as well as" Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)
environmental, and corporate governance aspects. In this report, all monetary amounts are denominated in RMB. Standards" by the Global Reporting Initiative.
Report Scope Report Access
Reporting Period: January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024 (hereinafter referred to as the "reporting period"). In order This report is available in Simplified Chinese for readers’ reference. The digital version of the report can be download-
to enhance the comparability and completeness of the report, some information may be traced back to 2022 and ed from the CNINFO website (www.cninfo.com.cn) and the Company’s official website (http://www.valin.cn, under
2023, and extended to 2025. the“ Investor Relations” section, on the“ Company Announcements” page).
This report is an annual report.
Scope of the Report: Unless otherwise specified, this report covers Hunan Valin Steel Co., Ltd. and its major
subsidiaries, including Hunan Valin Xiangtan Iron & Steel Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Valin Xiangtan Steel"),
Hunan Valin Lianyuan Iron & Steel Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Valin Lianyuan Steel"), Hengyang Valin Steel
Tube Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Valin Hengyang Steel Tube"), Valin ArcelorMittal Automotive Steel Co., Ltd.
(hereinafter referred to as "VAMA"), and Yangchun New Iron & Steel Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Yangchun
New Steel").
CONTENTS
02
04
Leading Innovation
Unite and Progress Together
Crafting Excellence
Strive for the Future
Chairman's Message 01 Quality First 47 Employee Employment 149 ESG Management 181
Technological Innovation 56 Employee Development 157
About Us 03 Future Outlook 183
Customer Service 79 Employee Care 161
Honors of Valin Steel 2024 08 Showcase of Valin Steel's Past
Supply Chain Management 87 Health and Safety 166
Honors 185
Events of 2024 19
Industry Associations 93
Highlights of 2024 23 Intelligent Manufacturing 96
01
03 05
Pragmatic and Truth-Seeking
Green First Gather Goodwill
Standardized Governance
Sustainable Development Spread Warmth
Strengthen Foundations Through Party Green Environment Protection 103 Rural Revitalization 175
Building 27 Low-Carbon Emission Reduction 108 Social Welfare 178
Corporate Governance 31 Circular Economy 122
Business Ethics 37 In-Depth Governance 138
Return to Shareholders 42 Beautiful Ecology 145
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
its steel operations with digital intelligence, having launched the world's first AI large model for the steel industry,
Chairman's Message which was awarded the ITU Global AI Excellence Award and the company recognized as a National Exemplary Smart
Factory in 2024.
As a new cycle begins, everything is renewed. Over the past year,
in the face of profound adjustments in the steel industry, all our Green and Low-Carbon Initiatives Drive Transformation
employees and management have risen to the challenge, united
in struggle, and worked together with shared determination to We remain unwavering in our commitment to ecological priority and green development, resolutely pursuing a low-
forge ahead. Together, we have written an extraordinary and hard- carbon growth path. We are fully dedicated to pollution reduction and carbon mitigation, striving to build an eco-friendly
earned chapter of perseverance. On behalf of Valin Steel, I would like steel plant with clear skies, green lands, and clean waters, achieving harmonious co-existence between green and high-
to extend my sincere gratitude to our valued customers, partners, quality development. We have accelerated ultra-low emission upgrades, with key projects such as sintering machine
leaders at all levels, and friends from all walks of life for their long- desulfurization and denitrification, raw material yard enclosure, and blast furnace gas fine desulfurization already
term care and support for our development! completed and operational. The remaining projects are progressing as planned, meeting expected timelines. Yangchun
New Steel has taken the lead in completing full-process ultra-low emission upgrades and publicizing evaluation results,
Holding High The Banner To Guide Development while VAMA has achieved Class A environmental performance. Our environmental indicators continue to improve. We
are promoting low-carbon transformation and pursuing maximum energy efficiency. We have improved and formulated
We adhered to Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese the "dual carbon" action plan, established a carbon management institution, and clarified the functional division of
Characteristics for a New Era as the guidance, thoroughly studies carbon management. We have improved the comprehensive energy utilization efficiency and the proportion of clean self-
and implemented the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the generated power by using various methods such as utilizing waste heat, pressure, and energy from various processes,
Communist Party of China (CPC) and the Second and Third Plenary as well as steam recovery for power generation. The annual self-generated electricity reached 9.67 billion kWh, which is
Sessions of the 20th Central Committee. Party discipline education equivalent to saving over 1.1 million tons of standard coal consumption and reducing carbon dioxide emissions by over
and learning activities were carried out in a solid manner, reforms 2.8 million tons annually. Valin Xiangtan Steel and Valin Lianyuan Steel have been selected in the list as industry "Dual
Chairman of Hunan Valin Steel Co., Ltd.
were deepened with practical effectiveness, and the Party-building Carbon Best Practice Energy Efficiency Benchmark Demonstration Plants" cultivation enterprise, and six types of products
Li Jianyu,
brand was continuously enhanced. The Party Committee of Valin released Environmental Product Declarations (EPD).
Xiangtan Steel has made full efforts to build the "Striving Pioneer" Party-building brand to spearhead high-quality
development. It has rigorously implemented the "One Lecture, One Film, One Practice" initiative and shared its Upholding Responsibility and Giving Back to Society
experiences at the provincial work conference; The Party Committee of Valin Lianyuan Steel implemented the "Party
Building + Quality Improvement and Excellence Creation" standardized consolidation initiative for all employees, and We adhere to the principles of a responsible enterprise, and despite the complex and severe market conditions, we
launched a "Three Benchmarks, Four Excellence" competition, driving 77 key technical and economic indicators into continue to give back to our customers, suppliers, employees, shareholders, and the broader society. Embracing a
the industry's top five, with 27 of them ranking first; The Party Committee of Valin Hengyang Steel Tube has deeply market-oriented mindset of win-win cooperation, we continuously optimize customer service, driving the transformation
explored Hengyang Steel Tube's Party-building case studies, guiding Party members to strive hard in special steel from mere product sales to an integrated model of "product + technology + service". We are comprehensively advancing
transformation and upgrading, laying a solid foundation for stable and smooth production and operations; The Party transparent and digital procurement, integrating concepts such as legal compliance, ethical business practices,
Committee of VAMA promoted high-quality enterprise development through "win-win cooperation" Party building, professional ethics, and social responsibility into supply chain management, thereby building a clean and healthy
achieving cost savings and efficiency improvements of 50 million RMB, while continuously enhancing the cohesion procurement ecosystem. We care for employee development, ensuring their rights and interests, and creating a scientific
for high-quality development. training system and broad career development channels for our hardworking staff. We also upgrades employee cafeterias,
bathhouses, parking spot, and parking space which continuously enhanced their sense of belonging and satisfaction. We
Innovation Leads The Way, Empowering The Brand maintain frequent communication with investors to enhance returns effectively. In 2024, we facilitated a 2% share increase
by the controlling shareholder and announced a cash dividend of 1.00 RMB per 10 shares. The company will also execute
a share repurchase and cancellation plan totaling 200-400 million RMB . Combined cash dividends and proposed share
We are vigorously advancing new industrialization, adhering to innovation-driven development of new quality
repurchases represent 43.83%-53.68% of net profit attributable to parent company shareholders. We organize various
productivity. Throughout the year, we obtained 542 new patent authorizations, including 120 invention patents, and
volunteer and charitable activities, including donations, education support, blood donation, and community services. Our
received 9 provincial and ministerial-level science and technology progress awards. as well as 13 industry and other
sustained rural revitalization efforts feature increased funding and consumption assistance, with dedicated development
science and technology awards, and 5 core technologies have reached internationally leading levels. Aiming at the
programs for partner villages and practical solutions for local communities - fully demonstrating the social responsibility
high-end transformation direction in the field of industrial steel, we achieved the first launch of 26 high-end products
of a state-owned enterprise.
such as 7Ni steel and wear-resistant steel X001. Additionally, 18 steel grades, including medium-high carbon steel
60Si2Mn and offshore pipe EO690, have replaced imports, achieving 22 annual metallurgical product quality awards,
with 2 of them receiving the highest "Golden Cup Special Excellent Product" recognition. Valin Xiangtan Steel has Looking back at the past and forward to the future, we are filled with confidence and anticipation. In the new year,
made a full series breakthrough in nickel-based steel, Valin Lianyuan Steel has grown into a silicon steel pilot base we will hold high the banner, align with benchmarks, and thoroughly studied and implemented the Xi Jinping
in Hunan Province, and Valin Hengyang Steel Tube successfully developed 15 different specifications of special Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, as well as the important speeches and directives
couplings for the 10,000-meter deep well in the Tarim Oilfield. VAMA's aluminum-silicon coated hot-formed steel won made by the General Secretary Xi Jinping during his inspection tour of Hunan. We are firmly anchored to the
the provincial manufacturing single champion product award. The sales proportion of the company's key specialty visionary blueprint of the "Three Highlands and Four New Missions" strategy, demonstrating resolute commitment
steel products reached 65%, marking a further 2 percentage point increase from 2023. These premium steel products through decisive actions. We are vigorously cultivating and developing new quality productive forces, committing to
have been exported worldwide and extensively applied in mega projects, key national initiatives and emerging overcome challenges and achieve decisive victories in structural adjustment, digital-intelligent transformation, green
industries, demonstrating the core strength of new quality productive forces. The company persists in empowering and low-carbon development, deepening "Five Key Tasks" reforms, striving to build a world-class steel enterprise.
01 02
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
About Us
Explore Valin
Company Profile
Valin Steel was established in 1997 as a joint-stock company, primarily initiated by Hunan Iron and Steel Group According to the provisions of the Company Law, Transitional Arrangements for the Implementation of Supporting
Co., Ltd., the largest state-owned enterprise in Hunan Province. The company went public on the Shenzhen Stock System Rules for the New Company Law, and the Guidelines for the Articles of Association of Listed Companies, the
Exchange in August 1999. Valin Steel is primarily engaged in the production and sales of steel products. It has a full- 30th meeting of the eighth Board of Directors has reviewed and approved the Proposal on Amending the Articles of
process technical equipment including coking, sintering, ironmaking, steelmaking, rolling, and steel deep-processing. Association and Not Establishing a Board of Supervisors. The proposal intends to abolish the Board of Supervisors
Its main equipment and production processes are at the global leading level. Headquartered in Changsha, Hunan and rename the original Strategy Committee as the Strategy and ESG Committee. This proposal still needs to be
Province, Valin Steel operates five specialized production bases located in Xiangtan, Loudi, and Hengyang in Hunan submitted to the company's shareholders' meeting for approval. For details, please refer to the announcement
Province, as well as in Yangjiang City, Guangdong Province. disclosed by the company on the CNINFO website on March 21, 2025.
Organizational Structure of Valin Steel
Shareholders' Meeting
Strategy and ESG Committee
Board of Supervisors
Audit Committee
Board of Directors
Nomination and
Compensation Committee
Executive Committee
Related Party Transactions
Review Committee
Other Senior Executives General Manager
Human Resources
Strategic Development Internal Control and
Corporate Office Department
Department (Safety and Securities Finance Audit Department
(Corporate Culture Enterprise
Environmental Department Department (Legal Affairs
Department) Management
Protection Department) Department)
Department
Valin Hong Kong
Valin Hengyang
Valin Xiangtan Steel Valin Lianyuan Steel VAMA Procurement Center Finance Company Factoring Company International
Steel Tube
Trading Company
Yangchun New Steel
03 04
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Main Production Bases Company Profile
The company adheres to its "Precision and Strength, Regional Leadership" strategy, continuously improving its
Valin Xiangtan Steel Valin Lianyuan Steel
"Three Strategic Pillar System": lean production, integrated sales-R&D-production, and marketing services. Anchored
in niche markets, we target landmark projects and benchmark clients, committed to delivering satisfactory steel
Location: Xiangtan, Hunan Location: Loudi, Hunan
products and services to global customers. With a product portfolio primarily focused on steel plates for industrial
applications, aligned with the transformation and upgrading of China's manufacturing sector. Our offerings span
nearly 10,000 specifications across four major series: wide and heavy plates, hot/cold-rolled sheets, wire rods and
bars, and seamless steel pipes.
180
Seamless Steel Pipes
475
205 Bars
Vision: Committed to building a modern Vision: Committed to becoming a leading
Cold Rolled Coils
steel enterprise with international domestic and internationally top-tier,
competitiveness and respect. highly competitive comprehensive steel
255
service provider. Coated Steel Plates
2024
VAMA Valin Hengyang Steel Tube Sales by Product
Category
2,530
Location: Loudi, Hunan Location: Hengyang, Hunan
382 (Unit: 10,000 tons)
Wire Rods
Wide and 585
Heavy Plates
448
Hot Rolled Coils
Vision: Committed to becoming the best Vision: Committed to building a world-class 112 18
comprehensive solution provider for specialized seamless steel pipe enterprise. Home Appliances Others
automotive steel in China.
148
Other Equipment
Manufacturing 484
Energy and Power
Yangchun New Steel 200
Construction
Machinery
Location: Yangjiang, Guangdong
198 2024
Metal Products 382
Sales by
Automotive
Downstream Sector
2,530
(Unit: 10,000 tons)
219
High-Rise Buildings
and Bridges
Shipbuilding 292
Vision: Committed to establishing and and Offshore
leading a significant production base for
wire rods and bars in South China. 240 237
Real Estate Infrastructure
05 06
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Key Performance Corporate Culture
Among these, wide and heavy plates have been developed into six major series: shipbuilding plates, boiler and
Valin Steel vigorously explores and promotes the value orientation of "putting strivers first" and the enduring
pressure vessel plates, bridge and high-rise building plates, pipeline steel, wear-resistant steel, and offshore platform
red historical and cultural heritage of Hunan. The company regards corporate culture as the soul and pillar of its
steel. The hot and cold rolled sheet series have successfully developed high-strength thin-gauge engineering
construction and development, insisting on adhering to and upholding corporate culture in all business activities,
machinery steel, wear-resistant steel, medium-high carbon alloy steel, electrical steel, automotive steel, and
thereby serving as the foundation for uniting and motivating the company.
galvanized steel for home appliances. The seamless steel pipe products cover a full range of sizes, including large,
medium, and small diameters, and encompass series for oil and gas pipelines, pressure vessel pipes, and machining
Valin Steel Corporate Culture
pipes. With excellent products, stable quality, and service that exceeds expectations, the company has established a
leading advantage in niche markets such as energy and oil & gas, shipbuilding and offshore, engineering machinery
and bridges, and automotive sectors. Core Values Business Philosophy R&D & Marketing Strategy
In 2024, the sales of high-tech, high-value-added, and high-profitability steel products which meet the customized Strivers first. Precision and Deepening industry
needs of end-customers reached 16.41 million tons, accounting for 65% of the total sales of steel products. Strength expertise
Regional Leadership Dominating the
region
Key Performance Staying half a step
ahead.
16.41
The sales of specialty steel products reached million tons.
65%
The sales of specialty steel products accounting for of the total steel product sales Honors of Valin Steel 2024
Over the years, Valin Steel has continuously strived for excellence and gained widespread recognition from the
2024 government, institutions, and various sectors of society. In 2024, the company and its subsidiaries achieved
Product Category
(Unit: 10,000 tons) numerous honors in product quality, technological innovation, and social responsibility.
Sales Percentage
Engineering Machinery Steel 183 11.2%
Automotive Steel 364 22.2% Technological Honors
Energy and Oil & Gas Steel 217 13.2%
Innovation Platforms
Bridge and High-Rise Building Steel 158 9.7%
Shipbuilding and Offshore Steel 170 10.4% Platform Name Host Unit Platform Level
National Enterprise Technology Center Valin Xiangtan Steel National Level
Electrical Steel 198 12.1%
National Measurement Data Construction and Application
Metal Products Steel 137 8.4% Valin Xiangtan Steel National Level
Base (Advanced Steel Materials)
Hunan Province Innovation Consortium for R&D and
Equipment Manufacturing Steel 109 6.7%
Application of Metal Materials for Special Complex Marine Valin Xiangtan Steel Provincial Level
Environments
Home Appliance Steel 90 5.5%
Hunan Province Green High-Performance Silicon Steel Pilot
Valin Lianyuan Steel Provincial Level
Others 13 0.8% Platform
1,641 100.0% Hunan Province Manufacturing Innovation Center - High-
Total Valin Lianyuan Steel Provincial Level
Quality Silicon Steel Manufacturing Process
07 08
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Award Participating
Platform Name Host Unit Platform Level Award Project Name Award Level
Unit
Thin-Gauge High-Frequency Silicon Steel Engineering
Valin Lianyuan Steel Provincial Level Key Technologies and Industrialization of High-Quality Hunan Province Science
Research Center of Hunan Province
Titanium-Alloyed Atmospheric Corrosion-Resistant Valin Lianyuan Steel and Technology Progress
Hunan Province High-Quality Oriented Silicon Steel
Valin Lianyuan Steel Provincial Level
Innovation Consortium Steel Second Prize
Hunan Province Industrial Design Center Valin Lianyuan Steel Provincial Level Key Technology Development and Application of Green Hunan Province Science
and Low-Carbon Processes for High-Performance Valin Lianyuan Steel and Technology Progress
Medium and High Carbon Special Steel Second Prize
Sci-Tech Reform Enterprises
Hunan Province Science
Key Technology Development and Application of High- Valin Hengyang Steel
and Technology Progress
Award End Engineering Machinery Seamless Steel Pipes Tube
Award Project Name Award Level Second Prize
Participating Unit
Highest Evaluation in the Special Assessment of "Sci-Tech
State Council "Sci-Tech Hunan Province Science and
Reform Enterprises" by the State-owned Assets Supervision Valin Lianyuan Steel Key Technology Development and Industrialization of
Reform Enterprise" Valin Xiangtan Steel Technology Progress Third
and Administration Commission of the State Council High-Quality Cold Forging Steel for Automotive Use
Prize
Shaanxi Province Science
High-Quality Steel Pipe Multi-Function High-Efficiency Valin Hengyang Steel
China Manufacturing Single Champion Enterprises
and Technology Progress
Quenching Technology and Equipment Tube
Third Prize
Award
Award Project Name Award Level Development and Application of Key Green Metallurgical Science and
Participating Unit
Manufacturing Technologies for High-Performance Valin Xiangtan Steel Technology Award First
8th National Manufacturing
Steel for Offshore Engineering Structures Valin Xiangtan Steel Wide and Heavy Plates Prize
Single Champion
Metallurgical Science and
Research and Application of High-Precision Asymmetric
Valin Lianyuan Steel Technology Award First
Control Technology for Hot Continuous Rolling Mills
Science and Technology Award Prize
Metallurgical Science and
Award Participating New Generation Wear-Resistant Steel Technology and
Award Project Name Award Level
Unit Valin Lianyuan Steel Technology Award First
Engineering Application Based on TIC Regulation
Prize
Key Technologies and Applications of Steel Materials Hunan Province Science and
Valin Xiangtan Steel,
for Extreme Condition Oil and Gas Extraction and Technology Progress First Key Technology Research and Application of High- Metallurgical Science and
Valin Lianyuan Steel
Transportation Prize Quality Steel Continuous Casting and Cooling Precision Valin Xiangtan Steel Technology Award Second
Manufacturing Prize
Valin Lianyuan Steel, Hunan Province Science and
Key Technologies and Industrial Applications of Key Technology Development and Industrial Metallurgical Science and
Valin Hengyang Steel Technology Progress First Valin Hengyang Steel
Functional Design and Precise Control of Inclusions Application of High-Performance Large-Tonnage Technology Award Second
Tube Prize Tube
Engineering Machinery Seamless Steel Pipes Prize
Hunan Province Science Development and Application of Threaded Connection Metallurgical Science and
Key Technology Development and Application of High- Valin Hengyang Steel
Valin Xiangtan Steel and Technology Progress Structures for Oil and Gas Pipe Strings in Deep Earth Technology Award Third
Performance Weathering Bridge Steel Tube
Second Prize Engineering Prize
Hunan Province Science Development and Application of High-Efficiency Low- China Invention Association
Key Technologies and Applications of Intelligent Valin Hengyang Steel
Valin Xiangtan Steel and Technology Progress Carbon Electric Arc Furnace Steelmaking Control Invention and Innovation
Regulation for Random Power Generation Stations Tube
Second Prize Model Award Second Prize
09 10
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Award Participating Award Participating
Award Project Name Award Level Award Project Name Award Level
Unit Unit
China Society for Corrosion Free-Cutting Steel Hot Rolled Wire Rod
Valin Xiangtan Steel Golden Cup High-Quality Product
Engineering Application of Rare Earth Treatment to and Protection Science and XY1215x6.5～Φ28.0(mm)
Valin Lianyuan Steel
Improve Corrosion Resistance of High-Strength Steel Technology Award Second
Hot Rolled Alloy Tube Blank for High-Pressure Boilers
Prize Valin Xiangtan Steel Golden Cup High-Quality Product
15CrMoGΦ50～Φ100(mm)
China Steel Construction
Key Technology Development and Application of High- Steel Plate for Building Structures
Valin Hengyang Steel Society Science and Valin Xiangtan Steel Golden Cup High-Quality Product
Strength and Toughness Deep-Sea Submarine Pipeline Q460GJ(40～100)×(1800～3400)(mm)
Tube Technology Progress Award
Pipes Hot Rolled Wire Rod for Cold Heading and Cold
Second Prize Valin Xiangtan Steel Golden Cup High-Quality Product
Extrusion SAE10B21AΦ6.5～Φ24.0(mm)
Development and Application of High-Efficiency and Mechanical Industry Science
Weathering Structural Steel Plate for Bridges Valin Xiangtan Steel Golden Cup High-Quality Product
High-Performance Precision Slab Continuous Casting Valin Lianyuan Steel and Technology Progress
New Mold Equipment Second Prize High Manganese Austenitic Wear-Resistant Steel
Valin Lianyuan Steel Golden Cup High-Quality Product
Plate MN13
Construction and Practice of a Supply Collaborative Guangdong Province
Management Support Platform for High Utilization Metallurgical Science and Heat-Treated Steel Plate for Engineering Machinery
Yangchun New Steel Valin Lianyuan Steel Golden Cup High-Quality Product
Coefficient of Blast Furnaces in Iron and Steel Technology Achievement LC800T
Enterprises Award First Prize
High-Quality Carbon Structural Steel Hot Rolled Steel
Valin Lianyuan Steel Golden Cup High-Quality Product
Guangdong Province Sheet and Strip 20
Research on Long-Life and Efficient Production of Metallurgical Science and Continuous Hot-Dip Galvanized High-Strength
Yangchun New Steel Valin Lianyuan Steel Golden Cup High-Quality Product
Yangchun New Steel's No. 1 Blast Furnace Technology Achievement Interstitial-Free Steel Strip HC2207D+Z
Award First Prize
Continuous Hot-Dip Galvanized Low Alloy Steel Strip
Valin Lianyuan Steel Golden Cup High-Quality Product
Guangdong Province HC340LAD+Z
Research and Application of Nitrogen Blowing in Molten Metallurgical Science and
Yangchun New Steel Low-Temperature Pressure Vessel Steel 16MnDR Valin Lianyuan Steel Golden Cup High-Quality Product
Steel Ladle for Vanadium-Containing Rebar Technology Achievement
Award First Prize Seamless Steel Pipe for High-Pressure Boilers Valin Hengyang Steel
Golden Cup High-Quality Product
12Cr1MoVG Tube
Valin Hengyang Steel
Steel Pipe for Offshore Engineering X100Q Golden Cup High-Quality Product
Tube
Golden Cup Special / High-Quality Products
Valin Hengyang Steel
Seamless Steel Pipe for Crane Structures BJ890 Golden Cup High-Quality Product
Award Participating Tube
Award Project Name Award Level
Unit
Steel Pipe for Oil and Gas Well Casing in the
Valin Hengyang Steel
Cold Rolled Hot Stamping Steel Sheet and Strip
Petroleum and Natural Gas Industry P110 (HS110, Golden Cup High-Quality Product
Valin Lianyuan Steel Golden Cup High-Quality Product
Tube
LG1500
P110T, HS110T, HS110TT, P110TT, 110V, HS110V)
Weathering Structural Steel Plate for Bridges
Valin Hengyang Steel
Valin Xiangtan Steel Golden Cup High-Quality Product
Seamless Steel Pipe for Drill Rods HG850 Golden Cup High-Quality Product
Q420qDNH(16～40)×(1500～4800)(mm)
Tube
Guaranteed Hardenability Structural Steel
Hot Rolled Ribbed Steel Bars for Reinforced Concrete
Valin Xiangtan Steel Golden Cup High-Quality Product
Yangchun New Steel Golden Cup High-Quality Product
20CrMnMoHΦ30～Φ160(mm)
(Straight Bars)
Ultra-High Strength Structural Heat-Treated Steel
Valin Xiangtan Steel Golden Cup High-Quality Product Hot Rolled Plain Steel Bars for Reinforced Concrete Yangchun New Steel Golden Cup High-Quality Product
Plate Q1100E(6～20)×(900～3600)(mm)
11 12
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Metallurgical Science and Technology Award Provincial Science and Technology Award
Valin Xiangtan Steel's Key Valin Lianyuan Steel's New Valin Lianyuan Steel's Research Valin Lianyuan Steel and Valin Hengyang Steel's Key Valin Lianyuan Steel and Valin Hengyang Steel's Key
Technology Development and Generation Wear-Resistant Steel and Application of High-Precision Technologies and Applications of Steel Materials Technologies and Industrial Applications of Functional
Application of Green Preparation for Technology and Engineering Asymmetric Control Technology for for Extreme Condition Oil and Gas Extraction and Design and Precise Control of Inclusions Won the 2024
High-Performance Wide and Heavy Application Based on TIC Hot Continuous Rolling Mills Won Transportation Won the 2024 Hunan Province Science Hubei Province Science and Technology Progress First
Plates Won the 2024 Metallurgical Regulation Won the 2024 the 2024 Metallurgical Science and and Technology Progress First Prize Prize
Science and Technology Award First Metallurgical Science and Technology Award First Prize
Prize Technology Award First Prize
Valin Xiangtan Steel's Key Valin Hengyang Steel Tube's Valin Hengyang Steel Tube's Yangchun New Steel's Construction Yangchun New Steel's Research and Yangchun New Steel's Research on
Technology Research and Key Technology Development Development and Application of and Practice of a Supply Application of Nitrogen Blowing in Long-Life and Efficient Production
Application of High-Quality Steel and Industrial Application Threaded Connection Structures Collaborative Management Support Molten Steel Ladle for Vanadium- of No. 1 Blast Furnace Won the 2024
Continuous Casting and Cooling of High-Performance Large- for Oil and Gas Pipe Strings in Platform for High Utilization Containing Rebar Won the 2024 Guangdong Province Metallurgical
Precision Manufacturing Won the Tonnage Engineering Machinery Deep Earth Engineering Won the Coefficient of Blast Furnaces Won Guangdong Province Metallurgical Science and Technology
2024 Metallurgical Science and Seamless Steel Pipes Won the 2024 Metallurgical Science and the 2024 Guangdong Province Science and Technology Achievement Award First Prize
Technology Award Second Prize 2024 Metallurgical Science and Technology Award Third Prize Metallurgical Science and Achievement Award First Prize
Technology Award Second Prize Technology Achievement Award
First Prize
13 14
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Other Sci-Tech Awards
Valin Xiangtan Steel's "Key Valin Xiangtan Steel's "Key Valin Lianyuan Steel's "Key Valin Xiangtan Steel's Valin Lianyuan Steel's Valin Lianyuan Steel's Valin Lianyuan Steel's
Technology Development and Technologies and Applications of Manufacturing Technologies and "Steel for Offshore "Development and "Engineering Application "Yield Strength 960MPa
Application of High-Performance Intelligent Regulation for Random Industrialization of High-Quality Engineering Structures" Application of New Mold of Rare Earth Treatment Grade Quenched and
Weathering Bridge Steel" won the Power Generation Stations" won Ti-Microalloyed Atmospheric was awarded the 8th Equipment for High- to Improve Corrosion Tempered Steel" was
2024 Hunan Provincial Science the 2024 Hunan Provincial Science Corrosion-Resistant Steel" won National Manufacturing Efficiency and High- Resistance of High-Strength recognized as a 2024 High-
and Technology Progress Second and Technology Progress Second the 2024 Hubei Provincial Science Single Champion Product Performance Precision Steel" won the 2024 China Value Patent Product in the
Prize Prize and Technology Progress Second Slab Continuous Casting" Society for Corrosion and Steel Sector
Prize won the 2024 Mechanical Protection Science and
Industry Science and Technology Award Second
Technology Award Second Prize
Prize
Valin Hengyang Steel Valin Lianyuan Steel's "Key Valin Xiangtan Steel's "Key Valin Hengyang Steel Valin Hengyang Steel Tube's
Tube's "Key Technology Technology Development Technology Development Tube's "High-Quality "Key Technology Development
Development and and Application of Green and Industrialization of Steel Pipe Multi-Function and Application of High-
Application of High-End Low-Carbon Process High-Quality Cold Heading Efficient Quenching Strength Toughness Deep-Sea
Engineering Machinery for High-Performance Steel for Automotive Technology and Submarine Pipeline Pipes" won
Seamless Steel Pipes" won Medium-High Carbon Applications" won the 2024 Equipment" won the 2024 the China Steel Construction
the 2024 Hunan Provincial Special Steel" won the 2024 Hunan Provincial Science Shaanxi Provincial Science Society Science and Technology
Science and Technology Hubei Provincial Science and Technology Progress and Technology Progress Progress Award Second Prize
Progress Second Prize and Technology Progress Third Prize Third Prize
Second Prize
15 16
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Product Quality / Management Innovation
Cold Rolling Lean Digital Full-Process Quality Intelligent Equipment O&M
2024 Dual-Excellence
China's Premier National Steel National Quality Production System Control Center System Rewarded 2024 Hunan Industrial
Steel Enterprise Industry Quality Brand Management Inspection Integrity Achieved 2024 CISA Smart Achieved "Hunan Provincial Administered Internet Platform
System for Large Steel Manufacturing Solution Digital Transformation SOE Digitalization
Brand 2024 Leadership Brand Enterprise
Enterprises Award Benchmark" Title Benchmark Project
Valin Hengyang Steel
Valin Xiangtan Steel Valin Xiangtan Steel Valin Xiangtan Steel Valin Xiangtan Steel Valin Lianyuan Steel Valin Lianyuan Steel Valin Lianyuan Steel
Tube
Listed As Industry "Dual-
China Steel Industry Wuhan's Most National Quality Hunan "5G+Industrial Steel Industry National
2024 "Triple- Carbon Best Practice
Product Market Influential Steel Inspection Stable- Internet" Benchmark Green Development Industrial Tourism
Development Award Innovation" Brand Brand Quality Product Factory Outstanding Enterprise Demonstration Site E B n e e n r c g h y m E a ff r i k c i P e l n a c n y t " Pilot
Valin Xiangtan Steel Valin Lianyuan Steel Valin Lianyuan Steel Valin Lianyuan Steel Valin Hengyang Steel Valin Xiangtan Steel Valin Xiangtan Steel Valin Xiangtan Steel
Tube
Listed As Industry "Dual-
Shanghai Steel Hunan Hunan Quality Improvement Carbon Best Practice Officially Certified as
National Premium Manufacturing Outstanding QC Achievement Silver Energy Efficiency Grade-A Environmental
Seamless Pipe Quality Benchmark Circle Enterprise Award Benchmark Plant" Pilot Performance
Valin Hengyang
VAMA VAMA VAMA Valin Lianyuan Steel VAMA
Steel Tube
The 5th Modern 2024 Hunan 2024 China Steel
Industrial Enterprise Innovation Enterprise Patent External Recognition / Investor Relations
Outstanding Innovation Consortium Pilot Innovation Potential
Achievement Enterprise Enterprise
Valin Xiangtan Steel Valin Xiangtan Steel Yangchun New Steel
2024 Board Secretary Outstanding Social
Tonghuashun Best
Performance Excellence Board Responsibility Case
Investor Relations
Evaluation - Highest Secretariat Award in the Steel Industry
Award
Green Production, Smart Safety "5A" Rating (2024)
Valin Steel Valin Steel Valin Steel Valin Steel
P W O In a u n in n t o s g 2 v t u 0 a a 2 L t n i 4 a d o r I i n T g n " U e g A M A " w G I o a l d o rd e b l a s l N E ( P P C x r l a a l o e o t t c i m e u o e d n M p s + a s l a a A l S n r F I m y u E ir f S n a s a m t a r c - t b B t a F u l a r e a r t t d i c c n F t h F a g o u c ) r l t y l o - f r o y r " S W " A A M m p i I n p a E a s c l m r i h c 2 t a i 0 p M n t 2 o e i o 4 o w n V n H e i i t s S u r o i s c n o r e E i a n n n n n - g b a t T e r S a o i r y s o p p e s s r t d 1 i e s 0 B m e e s " " l t " I 2 In n 5 0 t d G 2 e u 4 + g s A r H t a I r u t i D a e n r l d a i o z n n I a n e A t s i I o A p -E n i e r n c - B G t a e i r b o n o l n e c u " h d n W m d i a n r s k T H Li h o s e t r e s 1 d e 5 A C th w o I m a R r p d H a e f n o a i r v e e s nly T C R o e o p v m e 1 p n 0 a u H n e u i & e n s P a b n r y o L fi i t sted T C & C o o o E p m n m t 1 p r p 0 i a b l H o n u y u i t e m i n o s a n e b n n y t L T i a st x e d T C In o o n p m o 1 v p 0 a a t H n io u ie n n s a I b n n y v L e i s s t t m ed e nt
Valin Steel Valin Steel Valin Steel Valin Steel
Valin Xiangtan Steel Valin Xiangtan Steel Valin Xiangtan Steel Valin Xiangtan Steel
"Digital Twin & Video Fusion-
Digital Twin-based Rolling Smart Steel Energy Hunan University School
based Smart Monitoring World-Class Smart Steel
Mill Visual Centralized Management and Top 10 Hunan Listed of Business Administration
System" - 2024 Hunan Plant Initiative Wins
Control Platform Wins China Control Platform Wins Companies by "Three Decades of
Manufacturing Digital National Management Equipment Management "2024 Hunan Digital Dividend Yield Excellence, Building Glory
Transformation Benchmark Innovation Gold Award Together" Award
Association Gold Award Infrastructure Pioneer"
Project
Valin Lianyuan Steel Valin Steel Valin Steel
Valin Xiangtan Steel Valin Xiangtan Steel Valin Xiangtan Steel
17 18
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Events of 2024
New Achievements in Digital-Intelligent Transformation
In May 2024, Valin Xiangtan Steel was officially approved to establish China's first National Measurement Data
Sustained Enhancement of Brand Influence
Application Base (for advanced steel materials) in the metallurgical industry, accelerating digital transformation
In April 2024, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT) released the eighth batch of National across the steel sector.In the same month, the company's "Pangu Steel Large Models" won the ITU Global
Manufacturing Champion Products, with Valin Xiangtan Steel's "Offshore Engineering Structural Steel" Outstanding AI Innovation Award at the "AI for Good Global Summit 2024", standing out among hundreds
successfully included in the list. In May, the China Metallurgical News unveiled the China Steel Enterprise Brand of international submissions from 38 countries.In April, Valin Lianyuan Steel's Smart Energy Management
Ranking, where Valin Xiangtan Steel, Valin Lianyuan Steel, and Valin Hengyang Steel Tube were recognized Platform was listed among Hunan Province's Top 100 Digital Infrastructure Benchmark Projects. In September,
as "2024 China's Premier Steel Enterprise Brand", while Yangchun New Steel was listed among" 2024 China Valin Hengyang Steel Tube was designated as a Hunan Provincial "5G+Industrial Internet" Benchmark Factory,
Excellent Steel Enterprise Brands". In July, the "Dream Chasing China · Happy Hunan" overseas Chinese media recognizing its leadership in smart manufacturing.
delegation visited Valin Hengyang Steel Tube. 16 overseas Chinese media outlets from over ten countries
and regions, including the United States, France, and Germany, along with four central media organizations
focusing on overseas Chinese affairs, conducted on-site interviews and published a series of reports. In
February, Valin Xiangtan Steel held a ceremony celebrating the milestone of supplying over 2 million tons of
steel to Hyundai Heavy Industries (South Korea). In September, the company organized a delivery ceremony for
10 million tons of steel supplied to China State Shipbuilding Corporation (CSSC). In October, VAMA inaugurated
its Customer Experience Center and hosted the "Building on a Decade, Pioneering the Future" 10th-anniversary
celebration, marking a new chapter in the development of high-quality automotive steel.
Green Transformation Accelerates at Full Speed
Consolidated Strength Continues to Strengthen In 2024, the Company accelerated its ultra-low emission transformation initiatives, with key projects including
sintering machine desulfurization & denitrification systems, raw material yard enclosures, and blast furnace
In August 2024, the Fortune China 500 and Fortune Global 500 rankings were released. The company ranked
gas precision desulfurization already completed and operational. The remaining projects are progressing at
131st on the China 500 list, advancing two places from the previous year. Its controlling shareholder, Hunan
full speed toward the target of full completion by June 2025.Yangchun New Steel has achieved comprehensive
Iron & Steel Group, was again listed on the Global 500 at 475th place, making it the only company from Hunan
ultra-low emission transformation across its entire production chain – covering clean transportation, organized
Province on the list. In June, the Hunan Listed Companies Association released the2 023 Dividend Distribution
emissions, and fugitive emissions – along with completing the required evaluation, monitoring, and public
Ranking of Hunan A-Share Listed Companies, where the company ranked second among Hunan-based stocks
disclosure processes.In April 2024, Valin Xiangtan Steel released Environmental Product Declarations (EPDs)
in terms of dividend payout. In September, the" Hunan A-Share Listed Companies Development Report
for three product categories: thick steel plates, wire rods, and hot-formed bars to advance the green and
(2024)" was published, ranking the company among the top ten in multiple categories, including revenue and
low-carbon steel industry chain. In December, Valin Lianyuan Steel published EPDs for three product lines:
profitability, dividend yield, R&D investment (innovation expenditure), employment contribution, and tax
continuous hot-dip zinc-coated steel sheets/coils, cold-rolled steel sheets/coils, and hot-rolled steel sheets/
contribution.
coils.
19 20
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
The Striver Culture Endures
In 2024, Valin Xiangtan Steel's 5m Wide & Heavy Plate Plant Labor Union was awarded the "National
Model Worker's Home" title by All-China Federation of Trade Unions (ACFTU), while the Measurement &
Events of 2024
Standardization Workshop's Length Unit of the Equipment Engineering Department received the "2024
National Women's Pacesetter Collective" honor. Yangchun New Steel's Guo Chunguang was named "Master
Tech Innovation Drives Sustainable Growth
Craftsman of China Cultivation Candidate".In October, the company recognized 20 outstanding "Strivers"
(Model Workers) across diverse departments including production, R&D, supply chain sales, etc.. Some are
In 2024, the company achieved 9 provincial/ministerial-level Science and Technology Progress Awards,
leaders driving lean manufacturing and benchmark optimization, some are pioneers advancing technological
including the first prize for the "Key Technologies and Application of Steel Materials for Extreme Condition
breakthroughs, and some are innovators achieving cost-efficiency and market expansion. These strivers have
Oil/Gas Extraction and Transportation" developed by Valin Xiangtan Steel and Valin Hengyang Steel Tube.
demonstrated exceptional problem-solving, innovation, and leadership in propelling the Company's high-
Additionally, the company won 13 industry and other sci-tech awards, with three projects receiving the
quality development.
Metallurgical Science and Technology First Prize, which are Valin Xiangtan Steel's "Development and
Application of Green Continuous Casting Technology for High-performance Wide/Heavy Plates", Valin Lianyuan
Steel's "New-generation Wear-resistant Steel Technology via TiC Modulation & Industrial Application" and
"High-precision Asymmetric Control Technology for Hot Continuous Rolling Mills".In March: VAMA Honored
with "Annual Outstanding Battery Safety Solution Innovation Award" by Chi Master Craftsman. The Hunan
Silicon Steel Pilot Base—featuring Valin Lianyuan Steel's new Silicon Steel Testing & R&D Center—was
inaugurated in June. Meanwhile, Valin Lianyuan Steel was ranked among China's top "Sci-Tech Reform
Enterprises" by the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission (SASAC), achieving the
highest evaluation tier among 302 national participants.
Party Discipline Education Advances in Depth
High-End Transformation Projects Commissioned as Scheduled
In 2024, the company's Party Committee prioritized disciplinary education as a key political task, thoroughly
In August 2024, Valin Hengyang Steel Tube successfully conducted the first hot test of its No.5 Billet Continuous studying and implementing the General Secretary Xi Jinping's important directives on strengthening Party
Caster, significantly enhancing steelmaking billet quality.By October 2024, Valin Lianyuan Steel achieved discipline. Aligned with our operational realities—multiple frontline branches and shift-working Party
critical milestones in its Phase I Cold-Rolled Silicon Steel Project, with the first coil of non-oriented silicon steel members—we executed targeted education initiatives including the original-text study ofC PC Disciplinary
produced by French Fives Group's ultra-precision 20-high rolling mill successfully, marking Valin Lianyuan Regulations, engaging in 18,000 personnel warning education sessions, conducted 2,600+ Party lectures,
Steel's leap into high-end cold-rolled products with globally competitive capabilities. No.1 Annealing Furnace of focused on cultivating "discipline awareness, knowledge, clarity, and compliance" among the Party-member
Phase II Silicon Steel Project completed its initial firing and drying successfully, marking a critical breakthrough leaders.
in oriented silicon steel substrate supply to finished product manufacturing integration.
21 22
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Highlights of 2024
Summit (an award initiated by the International Telecommunication Union through open global nominations). Valin Lianyuan Steel
has pioneered the steel industry's first integrated full-process intelligent quality control center, building upon its existing Quality
In 2024, the steel industry continued to undergo profound adjustments, characterized by a "three highs and three lows" Management System (QMS) and incorporating advanced quality management methodologies. This breakthrough achieves end-to-
operational landscape: high output, high costs, high exports coupled with low demand, low prices, and low profitability. With end quality consistency and industry-leading "Quality Industrial Brain". Valin Hengyang Steel Tube's Smart Steelmaking Industrial
acute supply-demand imbalances and widening cost-sales price scissors differentials, steel enterprises faced severe challenges. Internet Platform officially launched, based on industrial internet architecture, the platform has established a data-driven smart
Amid these conditions, the Company maintained strategic resilience, actively seized opportunities presented by the new wave manufacturing system that integrates production data across electric arc furnaces, refining, and continuous casting processes,
of technological revolution and industrial transformation, and vigorously advanced cost-reduction and efficiency-enhancement builds a smart manufacturing system featuring data convergence, process synchronization, knowledge-driven optimization and
initiatives. We accelerated our transformation and upgrading toward high-end, intelligent, and green development, ensuring continuous iteration, to replace traditional manual-intensive operations and create a benchmark "Smart Steelmaking" model.
relatively stable production and operations. During the reporting period, the Company achieved 144.685 billion RMB total Third, green transformation accelerates at full speed. To implement ultra-low emission standards strickly, we have completed
operating revenue, 4.141 billion RMB total profit, 3.200 billion RMB net profit and 2.032 billion RMB net profit attributable to the following key environmental upgrade projects: Valin Xingtan Steel's sintering material yard renovation, coke oven gas fine
parent company owners. These results maintained our position among the top-tier profitability rankings in the steel industry. desulfurization; Valin Lianyuan Steel's new C-type material yard construction and blast furnace gas fine desulfurization; Valin
Accelerated Optimization of Product Portfolio Hengyang Steel Tube's sintering flue gas denitrification system, hot-blast furnace & No. 180 plant heating furnace desulfurization
and dust removal system upgrades. Currently, Yangchun New Steel has completed full-process ultra-low emission (ULE) upgrades
We are vigorously adhering to innovation-driven structural transformation, throughout the year, we obtained 542 new
and passed evaluation monitoring. VAMA achieves Grade-A environmental performance certification. Fourth, service excellence
patent authorizations (including 120 invention patents), 8 new provincial/national R&D platforms (2 at national level); 5
strengthens brand leadership. Guided by a customer-centric brand philosophy, we have amplified brand visibility through 5 times
core technologies reaching global leading standards, and received 9 provincial and ministerial-level science and technology
CCTV features highlighting our green transition and premium transformation, expanded global presence in high-end markets. Over
progress awards. as well as 13 industry and other science and technology awards. Valin Xiangtan Steel was approved to
the year, we have achieved 1.68 million tons of premium steel exports (+7.68% YoY), 8.13% overseas revenue share (+2.33pp YoY).
establish China's first National Measurement Data Application Base for the Metallurgical Industry, Valin Lianyuan Steel
obtained authorization to build Hunan Province's Green High-Performance Silicon Steel Pilot Platform, Valin Hengyang Steel Precision benchmarking, steadily implemented
Tube was honored as a Hunan Provincial "Three-Excellence" Benchmark Enterprise in Raw Materials Industry. Aiming at the We will continuously refine our benchmarking system, enhance precision management practices, and achieve cost
high-end transformation direction in the field of industrial steel, we achieved the first launch of 26 high-end products, 18 reduction and efficiency gains across all operations. First, continuously reduce process costs. We have institutionalized
steel grades have replaced imports, the sales proportion of the key specialty steel products reached 65%, marking a further monthly benchmarking meetings, quarterly incentive mechanisms to continuously refine our benchmarking system
2 percentage point increase from 2023. Valin Xiangtan Steel achieves breakthrough in nickel-based steel, now supplies full and optimize technical-economic indicators. We strive to mitigate the cost impact on molten iron production resulting
range of grades and specifications, and "Offshore Engineering Structural Steel" designated as a National Manufacturing from the strategic shift from a "Premium Raw Materials Policy" to a "Hybrid Premium-Economic Materials Policy". During
Single Champion Product. The products apply to "Dream" ocean drilling ship and Huangmaohai Sea-Crossing Bridge the reporting period, Valin Xiangtan Steel's converter steelmaking material consumption, Valin Lianyuan Steel's No.7
multiple "World-record" projects; as well as ultra-thick rack steel for "Hengtong Haiyue" wind power platform, cryogenic blast furnace fuel ratio, and Yangchun New Steel's hot metal cost all ranked among the industry's best. Six furnaces won
steel for world's first Liquid Ammonia-Powered Vessel. Valin Lianyuan Steel's "Cold Rolled Hot Stamping Steel Sheet and "Energy-Efficient Furnace" and "Innovation Pioneer Furnace" awards in the National Energy Conservation Benchmarking
Strip" was awarded the "Golden Cup Special Product", the high-corrosion-resistant weathering steel contributed to China's Competition for Key Large-Scale Energy-Consuming Steel Production Equipment. Second, enhance procurement
first three-dimensional rights-confirmed offshore photovoltaic project. In collaboration with Sany, the company launched an cost competitiveness. We consolidated core supply channels and expanded new resource networks – achieving >96%
ultra-high-strength lightweight electric heavy truck, achieving a "lightweight" breakthrough. Partnering with Putian Iron Core, fulfillment rate for all raw material & fuel categories, and 180 million RMB procurement cost advantage vs. industry
it developed specialized high-temperature thin-gauge low-iron-loss oriented silicon steel grades. The Phase I silicon steel average. This has effectively supported production and operational growth. Third, further reduce in energy costs. The
project reached full production capacity, with products certified by leading enterprises in high-end home appliances, high- company has intensified secondary energy recovery, which achieving annual self-generated power: 9.67 billion kWh (+447
efficiency industrial motors, and new energy sectors, enabling stable mass supply. Valin Hengyang Steel Tube successfully million kWh YoY). Among them, Yangchun New Steel reached the best historical record of self-generation energy, Valin
developed high-grade oil casing products for extreme-depth applications, including tubing for China's 10,000-meter "ShenDi Lianyuan Steel set a new historical record of daily output once the 150MW ultra-supercritical generator operated.
TaKe-1 Well" in the Tarim Oilfield, casing for KOC Deep Well Projects (Kuwait Oil Company) and 15 different specifications of
Reform momentum continues to build
special couplings; as well as offshore engineering tubes that deployed on China's first domestically-built large cruise ship
The company has continuously improved its market-oriented operating mechanisms, deepened state-owned enterprise
"Adora Magic City". Meanwhile, VAMA has pioneered innovative solutions for the automotive sector, including dual-phase
(SOE) reforms, and advanced the development of a modern governance model for traditional manufacturing enterprises.
door rings (inner/outer), steel battery enclosures, through advanced Multi-Part Integration™ combining laser-welded blanks
First, deepen the institutional reforms. The company has strengthened its "strict constraints, strong incentives"
and hot-forming technologies. These breakthroughs address the auto industry's growing demand for high-strength, high-
mechanism, implementing market-driven compensation linked to performance metrics. By widening income differentials,
toughness materials, solidifying leadership in vehicle light-weighting trends.
we have further unlocked new growth momentum. Deepening the "Three Systems" Reform, we have maintained
The "Four Modernizations" transformation is being vigorously advanced.
industry-leading labor productivity in our core steel business. Upholding the "Strivers-Centric" culture, we recognized
Aligned with Hunan's "4×4" Modern Industrial System, we are developing new quality productive forces through locally adapted and honored 2023 Outstanding Strivers, amplifying their inspiring stories. Implementing the "World-Class Value Creation"
approaches, while intensifying efforts toward high-end transformation, intelligent upgrading and green transition. First, high-end benchmarking initiative, Valin Lianyuan Steel was selected as one of 58 national benchmark enterprises in the 2023 "Sci-
manufacturing bolsters comprehensive strengthening. Key projects (including Valin Xiangtan Steel's upgraded premium wire Tech Reform Enterprise" special assessment conducted by the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
rod & bar finishing improve projects, Valin Lianyuan Steel's 150MW power generation unit, silicon steel testing & R&D center, Valin Commission (SASAC). Second, strengthen the "Three Teams" development. We implemented tiered training programs for
Hengyang Steel Tube's No.5 continuous caster, and etc.) have been completed and operationalized, providing robust hardware management, technical, and skilled personnel, organized PhDs and chief engineers "Four Innovations" Knowledge Forum,
support for advancing our product mix toward the premium segment. Second, digital-intelligent transformation empowers invited expert lectures on sintering, steelmaking, and digitalization by external specialists. The subsidiaries held the first
comprehensive implementation. Guided by the principle of practicality and effectiveness, we have advanced digital-intelligent "Post-90s" Management Training Program, recruited technical authorities, industry experts, PhDs from elite universities to
infrastructure through 40+ transformation projects, deployed 228 robotic systems across operations. Notably, Valin Xiangtan Steel, strengthen the talent-tank. Maintained historically strong recruitment of graduates from "Double First-Class" universities.
in collaboration with Hunan Mobile and leading domestic communication equipment manufacturers, developed and launched We consistently expanded our media outreach matrix, with in-depth coverage by CCTV's Xinwen Lianbo and Morning
the world's first large-scale AI model for the steel industry. To date, the model has explored 100+ application scenarios, achieved News showcasing our achievements in product portfolio upgrading, green transformation, and etc… This has significantly
tangible results in 32 implemented cases, won the ITU Global AI Excellence in Innovation Award at the 2024 AI for Good Global enhanced our corporate cultural cohesion and brand influence.
23 24
01
Pragmatic and Truth-
Seeking
Standardized Governance
Valin Steel has consistently prioritized Party-building leadership and firmly shouldered political responsibilities. We Strengthen Foundations Through Party Building
adhere to lawful operations and standardized governance, continuously enhancing scientific risk management and
Corporate Governance
effective internal controls. Through strengthened investor communication mechanisms and elevated information
disclosure standards, we have reinforced our business ethics culture, making high-quality corporate governance as
Business Ethics
the foundation of sustainable development.
Return to Shareholders
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Committed to build a Party-building brand characterized by
"Mutual Integration and Mutual Promotion"
Strengthen Foundations Through Party Building
The company has adhered to Party-building leadership as its cornerstone, integrating theory with enterprise-
specific practices to develop a distinctive "Five Ones" Party-building framework and five characteristic Party-
The Company adhered to Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era as the
building brands. During the reporting period, as part of the "Year of Deepening Party-Business Integration"
guidance, thoroughly studies and implemented the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist
initiative, the company implemented benchmarking metrics, project-based management, and "Party-
Party of China (CPC) and the Second and Third Plenary Sessions of the 20th Central Committee, as well as s
building +" programs, conducted "One Lecture, One Film, One Practice" monthly activities, established
the important speeches and directives made by the General Secretary Xi Jinping during his inspection tour of
1,300+ grassroots Party member demonstration posts and responsibility zones, executed 616 secretary-
Hunan. We are firmly anchored to the visionary blueprint of the "Three Hubs and Four New Missions" strategy,
linked projects and 753 breakthrough initiatives under the "Secretaries Lead Projects, Party Members Pioneer
prioritized Party-building leadership and firmly shouldered political responsibilities, adhered to lawful
Actions" campaign. These efforts continuously elevated product mix toward premium segments, advanced
operations and standardized governance. Proactively responding to the severe challenges of industry-wide
new quality productive forces under Party-building guidance, and transformed the institutional strengths of
restructuring, focus on sharpened our core businesses, intensified reform and innovation initiatives. During
SOE Party organizations into competitive advantages.
the reporting period, the company maintained strong momentum in high-quality development, achieving
"Five Ones" Party-building Framework
steady progress in operations while sustaining top-tier profitability within the industry.
Clarify Build Leverage Establish Develop
Strengthening the Party's Political Construction
One Concept One Base One Platform One Mechanism One Team
The company always put the political construction as the top priority and makes every effort to enhance
Advancing Integrate Digital Performance- Refocusing
the political judgment, political comprehension, and political execution of leading cadres. It adheres to
Party-building project-based platform for oriented Party affairs
the guidance of the Party's innovative theories, thoroughly studies and implements Xi Jinping Thought
is advancing Party-building grassroots Party-building professionals
on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, and actively carries out a variety of learning and production and with business Party-building management on their core
practical activities. Through these measures, it guides the majority of Party members to further strengthen operations operation mechanism duties
their belief in "listening to the Party and following the Party", enhance their confidence and determination to
strengthen, optimize, and expand state-owned enterprises, and earnestly shoulder the political responsibility Party Committee's "Five Dual" Valin Xiangtan Steel Party
Five Distinctive
Integrated Innovation Party- Committee's "Striving Pioneer"
of strengthening, optimizing, and expanding state-owned enterprises.
Building Brand Party-Building Party-Building Brand
Grassroots Lliaison Point of
Brands Provincial SOE Party-Building
Provincial Party Committee's
Demonstration Site
Party Building Leading Group
Valin Lianyuan Steel Party Valin Hengyang Steel Tube Party VAMA Party Committee's
Committee's Leadership- Committee's Goal-Oriented "Win-Win Cooperation" Party-
Oriented Party-Building Brand Party-Building Brand Building Brand
Provincial "Five-Standardization" Provincial Advanced Grassroots National Outstanding SOE Party-
Party Branch Construction Model Party Organization Building Innovation Case
Base
Organize and carry out an ecological steel city fitness The "Striving Pioneer" grass-roots Party Branch
walking activity, with Party members taking the lead
"Youth Hearts to the Party, Building Merits in the New Era" New Member Theme Party Day Activity
27 28
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Strengthen education on Party discipline to solidify the VAMA Party Committee
ideological foundation
VAMA Party Committee adopted a dual-focused approach to thoroughly study the newly revised "Regulations
on Disciplinary Actions of the Communist Party of China", rigorously implement all "required initiatives",
The Company prioritized ideological development, resolutely upholding the "Two Establishments", Firmly
solidly advance Party discipline education through "Party Member Pioneering Actions", special task forces, as
implementing the "Two Upholds". The company through rigorous Party discipline education, the subordinate
well as "Party-building +" programs. These efforts have achieved 50 million RMB in cost savings and efficiency
Party organizations deeply studied the General Secretary Xi Jinping's key discourses on strengthening
gains, continuously strengthened cohesion for enterprise high-quality development. For instance, the Pickling-
Party discipline, conducted thematic study sessions, elevating cadres' disciplinary awareness and Party
Rolling Party Branch focused on ideological development to align Chinese operational staff and foreign
consciousness cultivation.
technical experts, drove production to excel in high-strength steel production with qualified quality, stable
rolling performance. Established the "Chinese-Foreign Collaboration, Rolling Pioneers" Party-building brand,
and forged a team that can "Fights battles during work, plays ball games after work" but also can captures
Valin Xiangtan Steel Party Committee
strategic heights at critical moments.
The Party Committee of Valin Xiangtan Steel adopted an integrated learning model combining centralized and
Yangchun New Steel Party Committee
individual, offline and online, as well as theoretical and practical approaches to conduct high-standard Party
discipline education. Guided by the Party Committee's theoretical study center group, a total of 196 study
Yangchun New Steel Party Committee aligned with objectives and requirements, emphasizing practical
sessions were organized across both corporate and subsidiary Party committees. Full coverage of 6,876 Party
outcomes, and guided Party members and cadres to strengthen Party consciousness, maintain strict
members was achieved through the "State-Owned Assets E-Learning" platform, with all participants obtaining
discipline, cultivate exemplary conduct – integrating these into daily practice to build resilience amid severe
completion certificates. Multiple training programs were conducted, including 340 personnel visiting warning
challenges. The Party Committee of Yangchun New Steel conducted 4 sessions of leadership study, held 1
education bases, providing all Party members and cadres with profound Party consciousness improvement
session of "Regulations" interpretation training, organized 50+ themed Party Day studies, completed 683 State-
and discipline education. This initiative was recognized as a benchmark practice by the Provincial Party
Owned Assets E-Learning courses, delivered 50+ discipline-focused Party lectures. All departments leveraged
Organization Department and shared as exemplary experience across the province.
Party discipline education as an opportunity to advance full and rigorous Party self-governance in tandem
with inspection rectification, thoroughly identify salient issues across all operational domains, management
Valin Lianyuan Steel Party Committee
tiers, process segments; strengthen risk prevention mechanisms; and eliminate latent vulnerabilities. These
methods have systematically enhanced standardized business operations.
Valin Lianyuan Steel Party Committee centered on the theme of "Learning, Understanding, Clarifying, and
Abiding by Party Discipline", we implemented "Party-building + Quality Excellence" standardized consolidation
campaign. Organized "Three Benchmarks, Four Excellence" competition focusing on quality standardization,
safety compliance and equipment optimization. With 285 "Secretary-Linked Projects" executed, 77 key
technical-economic indicators ranked top 5 industry-wide (including 27 of them ranking No.1). We established
a regularized "Go-Inspect-Refine-Promote" mechanism, which has strengthened corporate cohesion and
competitiveness, and achieved a >97% resolution rate for grassroots-level issues.
Valin Hengyang Steel Tube Party Committee
The Party Committee of Valin Hengyang Steel Tube promptly established a dedicated task force to organize
company-wide study and discussion sessions, promoting "Learning, Understanding, Clarifying, and Abiding by
Party Discipline", thereby fostering a clean and upright environment. By fully leveraging the Party Committee's
core leadership role in setting direction, overseeing the broader picture, and ensuring implementation,
National Advanced Hunan Provincial Outstanding Unit in
we deeply explored exemplary Party-building cases, won the SASAC Hunan "Pioneer in SOE Brand
Grassroots Party Advanced Unit in Ideological and Political
Communication" award for our brand microfilm story. During the reporting period, we were honored with
Organization Ideological and Political Work (2023-2024)
"Outstanding Ideological and Political Work Unit", "Advanced Individual in Ideological and Political Work" Work
which issued by the China Metallurgical Employees' Ideological and Political Work Research Association.
29 30
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
the renaming, the Strategy and ESG Committee will expand its functions to include sustainability and ESG-related
Corporate Governance
responsibilities, primarily are: in accordance with applicable laws, regulations, and the provisions of theA rticles
of Association, the Committee shall assist the Board in developing and revising ESG policies, conduct studies on
The company has continuously standardized its corporate governance, treating investors, shareholders, clients, sustainability and ESG matters and providing actionable recommendations, monitor the execution of specific ESG
and suppliers with integrity, while fostering deep integration and shared development with stakeholders. The initiatives; also submit viable sustainability/ESG proposals to the Board for review and decision-making.
company strictly complies with all applicable laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements for listed companies,
established a comprehensive corporate governance system to drive high-quality development. The company board
Key Performance
committees have established Strategy Committee, Audit Committee, Nomination & Compensation Committee and
9
Related-Party Transactions Review Committee to plan, oversight, and decision-making for major corporate matters;
During the reporting period, the company convened the Board meetings,
active engagement with key external stakeholders; regular reporting to the Board. The company has established
32
an independent director system and a dedicated Independent Director Committee. In accordance with the
approving a total of proposals.
Company Law,T he Administrative Measures for Independent Directors of Listed Companies, andT he Provisions on
Strengthening the Protection of Public Shareholders' Rights and Interests, among other regulations, the independent
The Company has established a market-oriented human resources management system, featuring flexible personnel
directors provide independent opinions on significant corporate matters, offer recommendations for business
mechanisms and evaluate promotions or demotion based on performance. Employees can be hired or exited
operations. They also fulfill their independent role to safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of all shareholders,
according to needs, salaries can increase or decrease with results, and performance-based incentives. Reward
protect the overall interests of the Company.
mid/senior managers who exceeding targets at subsidiaries, and immediate dismissal for leaders failing to achieve
70% of KPIs. Pay adjustments tied to position changes, enhance weight on performance pay ratio, differentiated
Governance Structure
performance bonuses (with widened pay gaps).
The company strictly adheres to its Articles of Association and internal control policies in operational decision-
making, having established a "Three Meetings & One Tier" mechanism featuring clear division of powers and
responsibilities; effective checks and balances between decision-making and supervisory organs; scientific decision- Promoting board diversity, strengthening board independence
making processes; and coordinated operations among governing bodies and management. To enhance governance
The company values high on enhancing Board diversity, considering multiple factors in director selection,
capabilities, we actively organize directors, supervisors, and senior management to participate in training
including gender, age, cultural and education background, ethnicity, professional ability, ethics and
programs conducted by Hunan Office of the China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC) and Shenzhen Stock
industry experience, etc… By evaluating candidates' expertise, we maximize the benefits of a diverse Board
Exchange (SZSE). These initiatives promote diligent fulfillment of duties, elevate decision-making and management
composition. We are also committed to increasing the proportion of independent directors, improving gender
proficiency.
diversity (e.g., female director representation).
Key Performance
During the reporting period, independent directors diligently fulfilled their responsibilities under Company
3 Law,G uidelines on Establishing Independent Director Systems in Listed Companies,A rticles of Association
During the reporting period, the company convened Shareholders meetings, and other relevant laws and regulations, reviewed important matters such as director nominations, executive
11
appointments, profit distribution, related-party transactions, internal controls, the engagement of external
approving a total of proposals.
audit firms, and external guarantees, thereby effectively safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of all
shareholders, especially minority shareholders.
The company's Board of Directors comprises 9 members, among them 3 are independent directors, 1 external
director; all are experts in management, technology, finance, and financial services. The Board has established
In the course of performing their duties, the independent directors maintained close communication and
four specialized committees: Strategy and ESG Committee, Audit Committee, Nomination & Compensation
exchanges with the company's management and business departments. The company also provided them
Committee and Related-Party Transactions Review Committee; these committees review and oversee corporate
with regular services and support, including routine research, monthly operational reports, and thematic
strategy, financial matters, risk control, personnel affairs, performance and compensation, as well as related-party
meetings. The independent directors constituted the majority and served as conveners of the Board's special
transactions to ensure scientific decision-making by the Board. The 30th meeting of the eighth Board of Directors
committees. They provided professional insights across various domains, including macro research, safety
has reviewed and approved theP roposal on Amending the Articles of Association and Not Establishing a Board
& environmental protection, operational synergy, marketing effectiveness, technical quality, and capital
of Supervisors. As part of this proposal, the original Strategy Committee will be renamed as the Strategy and ESG
operations, which were duly recognized and adopted by the management team.
Committee. This proposal still needs to be submitted to the company's shareholders' meeting for approval. After
31 32
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Key Performance
Ma Peiqian
4 1 Financial Service Professional
Number of Independent Directors and External Directors: Number of Female Director:
44.4 11.1
Percentage of Independent Directors and External Directors: % Percentage of Female Direct: % External Director and Convener of the Connected Transactions Review Committee. Currently serves as
General Manager of the Emerging Industries Investment Department, CCB Financial Asset Investment Co.,
Ltd. Previous positions include General Manager of the Investment Banking Department and Housing
Finance Department, CCB Guangdong Provincial Branch.
Zhao Junwu
Management Expert
During the reporting period, the Company held the following meetings of Board committees:
Independent Director and Convener of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee. Currently serves
as Co-CEO of Awinic Technology Group, Independent Director of Changsha DIALINE New Material Co., 1 6
Ltd., and Independent Director of Wuxi Shangji Automation Co., Ltd. Previous positions include Project Held meeting with Nomination and Held meetings with Audit
Manager, R&D Department, BHP Group (Australia); Chief Operating Officer, Jiangsu Huantai Group; Remuneration Committee Committee
Technical Manager, Headquarters, Bekaert Group (Belgium), and Vice President, Lens Technology Group,
etc…
4
1
Held meetings with Connected
Held meeting with Strategy and ESG
Transactions Review Committee
Committee
Xiao Haihang
Technical Expert
The Supervisory Board comprises 5 members, including 3 employee representatives. It oversees major corporate
matters, financial status, and the legality/compliance of directors' and senior management's performance. During
Independent Director. Currently serves as Chief Engineer at Dongfang Electric Machinery Co., Ltd. (a the reporting period, the Board held 9 meetings.
subsidiary of Dongfang Electric Group); Deputy Secretary-General of the Core Applications Branch, China
The current executive team consists of 3 senior managers, all possessing extensive experience in the steel industry
Electrical Equipment Industry Association; Member of the Electrical Steel Academic Committee, China
and corporate management.
Metal Materials Association; Member of the Magnetism Working Group, National Professional Metrology
Technical Committee. Previous positions include Deputy Chief Engineer at Dongfang Electric Machinery
Co., Ltd. And Deputy Director of the Technology Management Department. Internal Control and Risk Management
The Company has formulated theI nternal Control Management Measures andC omprehensive Risk Management
Regulations in accordance with theB asic Standards for Enterprise Internal Control,A pplication Guidelines for
Enterprise Internal Control,E valuation Guidelines for Enterprise Internal Control, and Guidelines for Comprehensive
Jiang Yanhui Risk Management of Central Enterprises, as well as its Articles of Association. By establishing an internal control system
Financial Expert and a comprehensive risk management framework, the Company continuously improves its internal controls and
strengthens the coordinated prevention of operational risks and integrity risks. These measures ensure the fulfillment of
risk management responsibilities and support the achievement of the Company's business objectives. The Company has
Independent Director and Convener of the Audit Committee. Currently serves as Professor and Doctoral
established comprehensive internal control systems covering sales management, procurement management, production
Supervisor at the School of Business Administration, Hunan University; Director of the MPAcc Education
& inventory, investment management, capital activities, comprehensive budgeting, information systems, contract
Management Center; Secretary-General of the Hunan Accounting Discipline Alliance; Independent Director
management, and financial reporting. These include, but are not limited to strategic planning management, fixed asset
of Wanxin Precision (Hunan) Co., Ltd. Previous positions include Assistant Professor at the School of
investment management, equity investment management, contract management, fundraising management, and related-
Accounting, Hunan University and Master's Supervisor at the School of Business Administration, etc…
party transaction management, etc… The Company has standardized corresponding approval authorities to effectively
implement all internal control measures, thereby preventing and mitigating various risks in daily operations.
33 34
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Implement Regular Internal Control Audits and Evaluations with Full Coverage
Engagement of External Professional Firm for Annual Internal Control Audit
The Company engaged Tianjian Certified Public Accountants (Special General Partnership) as the internal
Implement Risk Classification and Grading Management
control audit firm for 2024. Based on the audit procedures performed, the firm issued an audit opinion on
the effectiveness of the Company's financial reporting internal controls, while also reviewing the status
Clearly define the internal control audit department and functional departments as the main responsible
of non-financial reporting internal controls. The audit results indicate that, in accordance with theB asic
departments for "risk management" and "managing risks", and build an overall internal control framework
Standards for Enterprise Internal Control and relevant regulations, the Company maintained effective
composed of the internal control audit department - management - audit committee - board of directors.
financial reporting internal controls in all material respects.
Build a three - level risk management organizational structure of the headquarters - first level enterprises -
Achieving Full Coverage of Compliance Management and Internal Control Effectiveness
second level and lower level enterprises, and achieve risks "hierarchical" management according to the risk
Evaluations for Subsidiaries at All Levels
management priorities at all levels.
In accordance with theI mplementation Opinions on Strengthening Internal Control System Development and
In accordance with the principle of risk centralized management, assign different risks to the corresponding
Supervision in Provincial State-Owned Enterprises( Xiang State-Owned Assets [2021] No. 107) and theG uidelines
business units and functional departments for "classified" management and establish three lines of defense
for Compliance Management in Provincial State-Owned Enterprises (Trial) (Xiang State-Owned Assets [2022] No.
for "risk prevention":
146) issued by the Hunan SASAC, the Company has reinforced compliance management and internal control
Business units and functional departments are the "first line of defense" for risk management; the risk system development. Beyond routine enhancements to internal control policies and their implementation, the
management department and the management are the "second line of defense" for risk management; the Company organizes annual self-assessments and risk evaluations for subsidiaries at all levels, ensuring a full-
audit committee under the board of directors and the board of directors are the "third line of defense" for risk coverage review of compliance management and internal control effectiveness every three years.
management.
During the reporting period, the company continued to promote internal control and risk management in
an integrated manner to lay a solid foundation for high quality development.
Audit Committee Internal Control Audit Department
Steadily promote institutional construction and improve corporate governance. In 2024, the Company
Review various internal control systems and Responsible for conducting process reviews
continued to optimize its policies in response to new regulatory requirements, further refining the
the annual internal control management plan, across all departments, with focused oversight on
Valin Steel institutional framework. New and revised regulations were introduced, including the Bulk
supervise the implementation and report to the key activities including connected transactions,
Raw Material Procurement Pricing Management Measures and the Employee Reward and Disciplinary
board of directors. Guide the company's internal external guarantees, use of raised capital,
Measures. Meanwhile, the Company enhanced its digital platform for policy management, streamlining
control and risk management work and report to significant investments, and information
the entire process—from proposal initiation and multi-department review to official issuance—through
the board of directors. disclosure. Monitors process-related risks to
online approval mechanisms. A comprehensive electronic management system was implemented for the
ensure compliance and operational integrity.
Valin Steel Internal Control Manual and Policy Compendium, significantly improving the applicability,
effectiveness, and enforceability of internal controls. All operations strictly adhere to established policies,
with business processes and functional controls fully digitized, these measures have standardized
corporate management practices and ensured sustained compliance.
Valin Steel's Internal Control System
Regularize special supervision and evaluation. On the basis of daily supervision of internal control, the
company conducts a full-coverage evaluation of the internal control effectiveness of its subsidiaries every
three years. The first round of evaluations (2021-2023) has been fully completed. In 2024, the Company
Board of Directors Management strengthened compliance, internal control, and risk management through specialized monitoring
methods, including internal audits, targeted reviews, special inspections, and issue investigations. The
Responsible for establishing, improving, and Responsible for the establishment, improvement
company focused on special inspections of overseas investments, major risk assessments, compliance risk
effectively implementing the internal control and effective implementation of internal controls,
prevention, fund risk control, contract legal risk prevention, internal self-assessments and risk evaluation
system. Conducts regular comprehensive conducting regular comprehensive inspections
audits, and special supervision of bidding to strengthen compliance management. These initiatives have
inspections and effectiveness evaluations of the and effectiveness evaluations of the company's
reinforced the integrated risk management framework, enhancing both operational risk controls and anti-
company's internal control status. internal control systems.
corruption safeguards.
35 36
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Enhancing oversight of the "Principal Leaders" and Leadership Teams. The company
Continuously enhance employees' operational and integrity risk awareness, and foster a robust risk culture.
has conducted systematic analysis of the Party Committee's political ecology,
The Company has consistently prioritized the cultivation of a risk-aware culture. In 2024, risk management
developed "integrity profiles" for all leadership team members; implemented robust
training programs were pragmatically designed, incorporating specialized sessions on risk control, internal
measures to strengthen supervision mechanisms including regular supervisory
controls, finance, legal affairs, and digital governance. These included futures business operation training,
Keep a Close Eye dialogues, institutionalized accountability reporting and integrity disclosure
legal education seminars, as well as general staff and mid-to-senior management development sessions. on the Key Minority
procedures to make supervision and management normalized.
In daily work, risk control team actively share superior regulatory documents and internal control risk
management materials via enterprise WeChat groups. The OA system's legal education column regularly
publishes case studies to demonstrate compliance principles. The subsidiaries routinely issue publications
The company has effectively leveraged integrated supervisory forces to strengthen
such as Integrity Risk Alerts, Position-Specific Integrity Risk Controls, and Operational & Integrity Risk
oversight mechanisms including enhanced supervision and management, established
Bulletins to expose and mitigate risks while using lessons learned to strengthen dual awareness of
multi-tiered reporting platforms, fully mobilized all employees oversight role to
operational and integrity risks, thereby deepening the organizational risk culture.
Broaden Reporting broaden sources of potential issue leads.
Channels
Deepening campaign against formalist and bureaucratic practices, the Company has
Risk Control and Compliance Management Training rigorously implemented "Six Reductions + One Advancement" measures, deepened
"Dual Leadership with Five Rectifications" campaign against improper conduct
and corruption. The company rigorously investigated and punished violations of
Key Perfomance Sustained
unauthorized banquets and dining, improper gift/cash exchanges, unapproved travel,
Rectification of
940 the "Four Forms of gambling activities, drunk driving, etc… These enforcement actions reinforce our
During the reporting period, a total number of trainees were participated in internal control, risk control, Decadence" integrity-driven workplace environment.
and compliance management training.
Deepen special campaigns against corporate exploitation and related issues, the
company carried out targeted inspections including bidding & tendering processes,
Business Ethics
overseas business travel management. These actions have standardized management
Strengthen practices, prevent risks, and effectively safeguard the interests of the enterprise and its
The company upholds a high level of legal awareness and business ethics. It fully implements laws and regulations Oversight in Key
social reputation.
such as theC riminal Law of the People's Republic of China, theA nti - Unfair Competition Law of the People's Areas
Republic of China, theI nterim Provisions on the Prohibition of Commercial Bribery, and theO pinions on Certain
Issues Concerning the Application of Law in Handling Criminal Cases of Commercial Bribery. We enforce strict Strengthen the protection of the personal rights, democratic rights, and other
corporate governance with zero tolerance towards commercial bribery, corruption, fraud, embezzlement, extortion, legitimate rights and interests of whistle - blowers. Improve the working mechanism to
money laundering, monopoly, and unfair competition. During the reporting period, the company have no incidents effectively protect the enthusiasm of whistle - blowers to report and complain about
involving anti-unfair competition, anti-money laundering, anti-terrorism, conflict of interest, or insider trading – disciplinary, illegal, and non - compliant behaviors in business management and
Strengthen
which resulting in regulatory penalties. ensure the healthy and orderly development of the company's business management
Whistleblower
Protection work. Strengthen the Protection of Whistle - blowers
Anti-Commercial Bribery and Anti-Corruption
Signed theS unshine Cooperation Agreement, Integrity & Anti-Corruption Pledges, and
The disciplinary inspection commissions at all corporate levels achieved full Declaration Letter with suppliers, and conveyed the concepts of abiding by national
coverage of Party discipline education courses. Throughout the year, they organized laws, operating with integrity, adhering to professional ethics, maintaining integrity
94 on-site training sessions through the "Courses to Grassroots Units" program, and transparency, and fulfilling social responsibilities to suppliers. Implemented
trained more than 3,200 Party members and cadres. Through forms such as holding 100% open tender procurement, enhanced supplier certification, selection and
warning education conferences, visiting warning education museums, and studying Promote Transparent assessment, and established real-time risk monitoring for supply chains. Suppliers
Carry out education
on Party discipline typical cases, 18,000 Party members and cadres received in - depth education, and Procurement found in material breach of integrity agreements shall be debarred in accordance with
their awareness of discipline and rules was significantly enhanced. established protocols.
37 38
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Anti-unfair Competition
Set up a dedicated compliance department to oversee internal business
Establish a compliance
practices; conduct regular internal audits and compliance inspections to
management system
promptly identify and rectify potential unfair competition activities.
Special supervision and inspection on overseas (cross- Collective integrity talk
border) trips for official purposes Comply with industry self-discipline guidelines, jointly advocate fair
Enhance Industry
competition, and resist unfair practices such as malicious low-price
Self-regulation
competition, false advertising, and commercial defamation.
Establish and improve a sound pricing management system to ensure
Standardizing
product pricing is based on costs, market supply and demand, and
Pricing Practices
reasonable profits, avoiding any actions that disrupt market prices.
Respect both our own and others' intellectual property rights, enhance
Strengthen Intellectual
Special supervision and inspection on bidding and tendering Mobilization and warning conference for deepening the management and protection of IP, and prevent incidents of
Property Protection
"Enterprise-Feeding" corruption rectification technology infringement and trade secret leakage.
Implement open and transparent bidding processes to eliminate
Anti-commercial
commercial bribery; sign integrity agreements with suppliers and clients
Bribery Measures
to ensure ethical business cooperation.
Closely monitor market trends and, upon identifying malicious
Market Monitoring competitive practices, take legal action to protect our legitimate rights
and Response and interests while reporting to regulatory authorities to promote a fair
Integrity culture corridor Compiled editions of operational and integrity risk bulletins competitive environment.
Conduct regular training sessions to enhance employees' compliance
Compliance
awareness and strengthen their ability to recognize and prevent unfair
Training and Education
competition practices.
Promoting Digitalization Leverage data sharing and digital platforms to improve the transparency
and Transparent and traceability of business processes, while strengthening operational
Management monitoring to prevent the occurrence of unfair competition.
Daily supervision and inspection
Holiday conduct compliance inspection
39 40
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Enhancing Anti-Money Laundering and Anit-Terrorist Financing Risk Prevention
Return to Shareholders
In compliance with regulatory requirements, the Company's subsidiary Hunan Iron & Steel Group
Finance Co., Ltd. has established the following institutional frameworks:M easures for Freezing Terrorist-
Share Repurchase and Increase
Related Funds (Hunan Steel Finance Document No. [2024] 20), Implementation Rules for AML/CFT Risk
Self-Assessment (Hunan Steel Finance Document No. [2024] 18),I nterim Measures for AML/CFT Risk
Since the introduction of the 'New Nine Guidelines' in April 2024, which emphasized enhancing the investment
Management (Hunan Steel Finance Document No. [2024] 19),I nternal Control Measures for Anti-Money
value of listed companies, securities regulators and state-owned asset supervision authorities have imposed
Laundering (Hunan Steel Finance Document No. [2025] 1) to strengthen Anti-Money Laundering and
stricter requirements on market value management for listed companies. The guidelines encourage the lawful and
Counter-Terrorist Financing controls. During the reporting period, the company has completed the Annual
compliant use of share repurchases, increased holdings, and other methods to ensure that a company's investment
AML Report to regulars, conducted Customer Due Diligence (CDD) and risk classification, performed AML/
value accurately reflects its fundamental quality. In response to the policy call and market expectations, Hunan Valin
CFT Risk Self-Assessment and completed Internal Audits on AML/CFT procedures.
Steel promptly took action by facilitating a shareholding increase by its controlling shareholder and announcing a
Regarding the Annual Anti-Money Laundering (AML) report, the company has established a comprehensive share repurchase plan.
Money Laundering Risk Management System in full compliance with regulatory requirements. Key
measures implemented including established an AML Leadership Group to oversee compliance, defined Promote the Controlling Shareholder's Shareholding Increase
clear AML responsibilities across all business lines, implemented AML Internal Control Policies and Detailed
Implementation Rules, AML operations throughout the year met all regulatory standards, and zero money During the period from July to September 2024, the Company's controlling shareholder, Hunan Iron
laundering risks identified or reported. & Steel Group, along with its concert parties, increased their shareholding in the Company by 2%
through secondary market purchases. Upon completion of the shareholding increase, the aggregate
In terms of customer Due Diligent (CCD) and Risk Classification, during the reporting period, the company
stake held by the controlling shareholder and its concert parties rose to 45.76%. In accordance with
conducted due diligence on 5 new clients, performed ongoing identification for 118 existing clients and
theA dministrative Measures for the Takeover of Listed Companies, as a controlling shareholder
classified risks based on identity verification, geographic location, industry sector, and transaction anomaly
holding between 30% and 50% of the Company's shares, Hunan Iron & Steel Group is restricted
indicators, all clients were rated as low-risk. Regarding Large & Suspicious Transaction reporting, the
from acquiring more than 2% of the total shares within any 12-month period, beyond which a
company launched an AML module in the core system that achieved automated monitoring of suspicious
mandatory tender offer obligation would be triggered. Hunan Iron & Steel Group and its concert
transactions, from human detection to Hybrid (human + system) oversight mode. Initial implemented real-
parties have executed the shareholding increase up to the regulatory limit, which fully demonstrates
time monitoring of bank transactions for subsidiaries, ensured full client identity data coverage and timely
the controlling shareholder's confidence in the Company's long-term growth and its commitment to
suspicious activity alerts. Zero suspicious transactions identified in 2024.
safeguarding the Company's market valuation.
In terms of money laundering and terrorist financing risk self-assessment, the Company conducted a
comprehensive and systematic evaluation to identify money laundering and terrorist financing risks,
evaluated the effectiveness of existing control measures, and provided a basis for optimizing anti-money
laundering (AML) resource allocation and enhancing the AML management framework. This ensures
Implement Share Repurchase and Cancellation
compliance with regulatory requirements and effectively mitigates money laundering risks. Based on the
assessment, the overall inherent risk rating for the reporting period is classified as low risk, the overall To facilitate a reasonable convergence of the stock price with its intrinsic value, the Company
effectiveness of control measures is rated as highly effective, and the overall residual risk rating is assessed has recently announced its plan to repurchase shares totaling 200-400 million RMB using self-
as low risk. owned funds and/or dedicated share repurchase loans. All repurchased shares will be canceled to
reduce registered capital, with the repurchase price not exceeding 5.80 RMB per share. This share
In terms of internal auditing, the company conducted annual internal audits to review the revision of
cancellation and repurchase plan was disclosed in an announcement dated January 22, 2025, and
internal control policies, mechanism personnel allocation, customer identity verification, special measures
was subsequently approved at the shareholders' meeting on February 14, 2025. The Company has
for high-risk customers, preservation of customer information and transaction records, large-value
applied for dedicated share repurchase loans from banks and has duly disclosed theA nnouncement
and suspicious transactions report, targeted measures for high-risk businesses, anti-money laundering
on Obtaining Financial Institution Repurchase Loan Commitment Letters in compliance with
publicity, and anti-money laundering training organization. An annual anti-money laundering internal audit
regulatory requirements. Going forward, the Company will flexibly formulate trading strategies and
report was issued. After the audit, no violations of relevant anti-money laundering laws and regulations
execute share repurchase transactions based on market performance and share price movements,
were found throughout the year.
while fulfilling disclosure obligations as required. The Company commits to completing the
After self-inspection, all customers of Hunan Iron and Steel Group Financial Co., Ltd. are classified as low- implementation of this repurchase plan within the stipulated 12-month repurchase period.
risk. No large-value or suspicious transactions were found, and there are no high-risk customers.
41 42
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Profit Distribution
Key Perfomance
The company has formulated a long-term and stable profit distribution policy. According to theH unan Valin Steel "Grade A"
Co., Ltd. Shareholder Return Plan for the Next Three Years (2022-2024) (hereinafter referred to as the "Three-Year For six consecutive years, the Company has been awarded the highest rating for information
Shareholder Return Plan"), under the condition of meeting the profit distribution requirements, the annual cash
disclosure by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (SZSE).
dividend will be "no less than 30% of the average annual distributable profit realized in the most recent three years"
and "no less than 20% of the net profit attributable to the parent company for the respective fiscal year".
Among 4,872 listed companies on the Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchanges, the Company ranks in the top
4.02
In 2024, the company distributed a cash dividend of RMB 1.00 per 10 shares (tax inclusive), amounting to an
percentile for disclosure quality.
aggregate cash dividend payment of RMB 691 million. This represents a payout ratio of 33.99% of the Company's
2024 net profit attributable to the parent company shareholders, reflecting a 2.70 percentage point increase
compared to 2023. Currently, the Company's announced share repurchase plan and 2024 cash dividend distribution
Investor Relations
collectively amount to RMB 891 million to RMB 1,091 million, representing 43.83% to 53.68% of the Company's 2024
net profit attributable to the parent company shareholders.
The Company places high priority on investor relations, maintaining effective and consistent communication
channels with investors through active participation in investment strategy conferences, investor roadshows, and
Consistent and Stable Cash Dividend Payouts timely responses to investor inquiries via interactive e-platforms.
"Proposed repurchase
amount + dividend" 2024 Investor Engagement Report
ratio43.83%-53.68%
Dividend ratio 35 289 543
Dividend ratio
31.29% Received analyst Covered by Responded to
Dividend ratio
Dividend ratio 25.99%
20.70% recommendation reports mainstream institutional investor inquiries through
20.13%
from steel industry investors the SZSE Interactive
research teams Platform
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
2.1 RMB per 2.9 RMB per 2.4 RMB per 2.3 RMB per 1.0 RMB per
10 shares (tax 10 shares (tax 10 shares (tax 10 shares (tax 10 shares (tax
inclusive) inclusive) inclusive) inclusive) inclusive) Investor Engagement Report from 2021 to 2024
1200
1091
Information Disclosure
1000
The Company strictly complies with the provisions of theC ompany Law,S ecurities Law,S henzhen Stock
Exchange Listing Rules, andG uidelines for Fair Information Disclosure of Listed Companies. We have established a 784
800 728
standardized internal review process for information disclosure, continuously improving its efficiency and quality to
ensure authenticity, accuracy, completeness, timeliness, and fairness. This prevents any false records, misleading
statements, or material omissions, thereby fully safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of investors. 600 543
Through channels such as China Securities Journal, Securities Times, the CNINFO website, and the Shenzhen Stock
400 316 322
Exchange's official platform, we promptly disclose material information that may influence investor decisions or 263 289
share prices, ensuring full transparency of potential risks.
200
37 20 35 35
Key Perfomance
0
84
Institutional meetings SZSE Interactive Platform Analyst recommendation
During the reporting period, the Company prepared and disclosed a total of statutory announcements in
conducted inquiries addressed reports received
compliance with regulatory requirements.
2021 2022 2023 2024
43 44
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
02
Leading Innovation
Crafting Excellence
The company concentrates on the R&D of core technologies for advanced steel materials, driving product mix Quality First 43
optimization and manufacturing quality enhancement. This has enabled industry-leading achievements in
Technological Innovation 52
technology patent authorization, industry standard formulation, and scientific & technological achievement
evaluation. Adhering to the "Precision Excellence, Regional Leadership" strategy and the "Industry Specialization,
Customer Service 71
Regional Dominance, Half-Step Ahead" operational philosophy, we continuously strengthen three strategic pillars:
lean production systems, integrated sales-R&D-production and marketing service excellence. Through premium Supply Chain Management 79
products, consistent quality, and exceeding-service expectations, we secure premium positioning in niche markets
and advance toward becoming a world-class steel enterprise. Industry Associations 85
Intelligent Manufacturing 88
45 46
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Valin Xiangtan Steel
Quality First
· The company's Weathering Structural Steel Plate for Bridges has been certified as "Golden Cup Special Product".
Seven products including the Ultra-High Strength Structural Heat-treated Steel Plate and Hot Rolled Alloy Tube
In compliance with national quality control regulations, including theP roduct Quality Law of the People's Republic of
Blank for High-Pressure Boilers have been certified as "Golden Cup High-Quality Product".
China and theS tandardization Law of the People's Republic of China, the company has established a comprehensive
quality management system with documented process controls. In recent years, the company enhanced raw · High Heat Input Welding High-Strength Shipbuilding Plate has obtained certification from six international
material oversight, achieved full coverage of internal control standards; meanwhile it vigorously promoted intelligent classification societies, demonstrating world-leading technical performance.
quality control, built a smart quality data monitoring platform, advanced IT-enabled quality management systems,
established an industrial IoT smart platform that integrates market-driven, end-to-end lean production systems
with continuous quality improvement mechanisms, driving corporate quality enhancement and transformative Valin Lianyuan Steel
development.
· Cold Rolled Hot Stamping Steel Sheet and Strip has been certified as "Golden Cup Special Product". Six products
including Low-Temperature Pressure Vessel Steel and Heat-Treated Steel Plate for Engineering Machinery have
Quality System
been certified as "Golden Cup High-Quality Product".
The company adheres to the principle that "quality is the lifeline of an enterprise", continuously improves product · High-Manganese Steel has been awarded the Factory Approval Certificate by Det Norske Veritas (DNV).
quality, and constantly expands the certification scope. It has built a whole process quality management system
covering the entire steel production process to provide customers with high quality products. At present, the
company has obtained the following key system and qualification certifications:
Valin Hengyang Steel Tube
· 5 products including Steel Pipe for Offshore Engineering and Steel Pipe for Oil and Gas Well Casing in the
Petroleum and Natural Gas Industry have been certified as "Golden Cup High-Quality Product".
·ISO 9001 Quality Management System Certification ·GJB9001C Quality Management System Certification
· Obtained AD2000 Certification and Certificate of Conformity (COC).
·ISO10012 Measurement Management System Certification ·JIS Quality Management System Certification · Recognized as a Hunan Provincial "Three-Excellence" Benchmark Enterprise in Raw Materials Industry.
·Certification from Ten Classification Societies ·EU CE Certification
VAMA
· Adhere to and implement the quality policy of "Customer First, Sustainable Development, Pursuit of Excellence,
·IATF16949 Quality Management System Certification DNV、SCS、JIS、AD2000、 and Industry Leadership", In accordance with the requirements of the IATF16949 standard, a complete and
COC、APISCT、APISL、APISD,
efficient quality management system has been established using the process approach and risk-based thinking.
etc…
·IATF 16949 Automotive Quality Management System Certification · Deployed full-cycle quality management through the QMS framework, ensuring robust quality control from NPI
(New Product Introduction) to mass production.
· Achieved significant progress in Phase II project product and production line certifications, received technical
approvals from multiple mainstream domestic and foreign automobile OEMs.
The Company has thoroughly implemented the Quality Power Strategy, established a comprehensive customer-
oriented quality management system. The "Zero Defect" philosophy has been deeply embedded across our quality
practices through initiatives including Zero Defect programs, "Challenge Led" projects, quality breakthrough initiatives, it Yangchun New Steel
comprehensively promotes the continuous improvement of product quality. The Company has institutionalized a dual-
· Hot Rolled Ribbed Steel Bars obtained MC Metallurgical Product Certification, and received the 4-Star "Green
focus quality philosophy prioritizing "Variety &Quality First" principle and Customer Standard Optimization, through the
Product" certification from MCC Testing & Certification Co., Ltd.
quality performance orientation, it gives full play to leadership, implements performance models such as the "top leader"
in charge of quality and the economic responsibility system to ensure the effective operation of the quality management
· HRB500E straight bars and HPB300 wire rods successfully passed Golden Cup High-Quality Product recertification
system. The Company adopted McKinsey advanced management framework, strengthened process auditing and
audit.
inspection-to-delivery controls, the systematized & standardized quality management have been significantly improved.
47 48
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Golden Cup High-Quality Golden Cup High-Quality Golden Cup High-Quality Golden Cup High-Quality Golden Cup High-Quality Golden Cup High-Quality Golden Cup High-Quality Golden Cup High-Quality
Product certification for Hot Product certification for Product certification for Product certification for Product certification for Product certification for Product certification for Product certification for
Rolled Alloy Tube Blank for Guaranteed Hardenability Weathering Structural Steel Plate for Building High-Quality Carbon Seamless Steel Pipe for Steel Pipe for Offshore Seamless Steel Pipe for
High-Pressure Boilers Structural Steel Steel Plate for Bridges Structures Structural Steel Hot Rolled High-Pressure Boilers Engineering Crane Structures
Steel Sheet and Strip
Golden Cup High-Quality Golden Cup High-Quality Golden Cup High-Quality Golden Cup High-Quality Golden Cup High-Quality Golden Cup High-Quality Golden Cup High-Quality Golden Cup High-Quality
Product certification Product certification for Product certification for Product certification Product certification for Steel Product certification for Product certification Product certification for
for Ultra-High Strength Hot Rolled Wire Rod for Free-Cutting Steel Hot for Continuous Hot-Dip Pipe for Oil and Gas Well Seamless Steel Pipe for for Hot Rolled Ribbed Hot Rolled Plain Steel Bars
Structural Heat-Treated Cold Heading and Cold Rolled Wire Rod Galvanized High-Strength Casing in the Petroleum and Drill Rods Steel Bars for Reinforced for Reinforced Concrete
Steel Plate Extrusion Interstitial-Free Steel Strip Natural Gas Industry Concrete (Straight Bars)
Golden Cup Special Product certification Golden Cup Special Product certification
Golden Cup High-Quality Golden Cup High-Quality Golden Cup High-Quality Golden Cup High-Quality for Weathering Structural Steel Plate for for Cold Rolled Hot Stamping Steel Sheet
Product certification for Product certification Product certification for Product certification for Bridges and Strip
High Manganese Austenitic for Continuous Hot-Dip Low-Temperature Pressure Heat-Treated Steel Plate
Wear-Resistant Steel Plate Galvanized High-Strength Vessel Steel for Engineering Machinery
Interstitial-Free Steel Strip
49 50
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Valin Lianyuan Steel
Quality Improvement
Quality constitutes the fundamental determinant of corporate sustainability and value preservation. The Company Carry out quality improvement at different levels to achieve a rapid response to on-site quality problems.
has established an integrated quality management ecosystem spanning raw material procurement, manufacturing During the reporting period, the quality improvement efforts achieved practical results: 26 quality
processes, and customer service delivery. The company and its subsidiaries have formulated a comprehensive improvement projects were organized, 21 of which achieved their goals (17 were completed), with a goal
set of quality control and inspection systems around the steel industry chain, such asB ulk Raw Material Quality completion rate of 81%. Four projects did not achieve their goals but showed progress compared with the
Management Procedures, Recycled Steel Procurement Regulations, Product Inspection, Testing & Release Protocols, status quo. 41 excellent factory-level QC projects were carried out, and all achieved their goals. A full-process
In-Process Monitoring Standards, etc., to ensure that quality control is carried out in accordance with regulations. quality control and analysis system for each main production line was initially established, enabling the
The company also regularly reviews and optimizes these systems to continuously improve the quality management collection of quality data throughout the production process of each production plant. 17,722 data collection
system. In addition, through various measures such as quality breakthrough projects, special quality optimization, points were established, and monitoring of the status of some key quality equipment was newly added.
quality culture training, and quality case sharing, the subsidiaries have improved product quality and cultivated Gradually shift the focus of product judgment and quality management from result management to process
employees' quality awareness, comprehensively enhancing the enterprise's quality management level and laying a monitoring and quality prevention management, and promote the improvement of product quality by strictly
solid foundation for providing high-quality products to customers in various industries. controlling the stability of process parameters.
Valin Hengyang Steel Tube
Establish a full-process quality control system to achieve intelligent collaboration throughout the
quality process
Some subsidiaries have successfully implemented full-process quality management platforms, achieving
collection of product quality and process parameters across entire steelmaking-rolling production chain. Through measures such as establishing quality red lines, conducting quality publicity, strengthening on-the-
Based on the full-process product process and quality data, it initially established a closed-loop quality job training, and strengthening the responsibilities of positions and management, the awareness of quality
control system including pre-event prediction, in-event monitoring and judgement, and post-event and customer service among all employees has gradually increased. A total of 36 special inspections and
traceability and analysis. 26 special meetings were carried out throughout the year. 12 items such as supplier management, tooling,
purchased billet inspection procedures, management of reported billets, downgrade and reclassification
processes, quality feedback mechanisms, and abnormal condition control requirements were sorted
Continuously improve the production quality through programs such as profitability optimization
out. 21 procurement standards for metallurgical auxiliary materials and more than 50 process standards
and quality breakthrough projects
were established or optimized. Through the implementation of five special quality improvement actions,
It adheres to external benchmarking and internal process reengineering, actively executed policy of
the quality of the projects under improvement has gradually improved: the heat treatment qualification
"Quality & Efficiency Enhancement", continuously improve product quality. Guided by the "Customer-First"
rate has increased to 98%, and the hit rate of the steel pipe wall thickness has increased to 86%. Through
service philosophy, the Company has implemented multi-tiered quality enhancement initiatives across all
initiatives such as implementing the standard contract catalog, digitizing full-process composition control,
operational levels, achieving quality awareness campaigns covering 100% workforce, and further improving
and automating inspection results, we are progressively achieving automatic quality data collection and
product quality controllability.
systematic auto-verification, with real-time blocking of non-conforming products.
Valin Xiangtan Steel Yangchun New Steel
The "Zero Defect" philosophy has been deeply embedded across our quality practices through initiatives
Adhering to the principle that "quality is the lifeline for an enterprise's survival and development", a quality
including Zero Defect programs, "Challenge Led" projects, quality breakthrough initiatives, it improved
management system covering the entire process flow of pelletizing, sintering, ironmaking, steelmaking, and
internal quality, reduced internal losses and comprehensively promoted the continuous improvement of
rolling has been established. Relying on the visual intelligent quality control system for the whole process
product quality. Key quality metrics, such as the surface defect rate of bar products and the unplanned
to collect key data and build a quality indicator monitoring dashboard, it effectively contributes to process
rejection rate of plate products, have shown significant progress. Established a full-process quality control
stability and energy consumption reduction. Project quality breakthrough has been carried out on key
system to achieve intelligent collaboration throughout the quality process. To address product appearance
product varieties, enhanced control of composite negative tolerance in finished products, and at the same
quality issues, industry best practices were benchmarked, and improvement plans such as theE xport Material
time increased billet charging temperature for improved process efficiency. Through the function of individual
Appearance Quality Enhancement Plan and theS pecial Action Plan for Product Quality Improvement were
tracking system with virtual numbers for steel billets, cost reduction in the integration of steelmaking and
formulated and implemented. These measures have increased issue exposure and accelerated corrective
rolling has been achieved, and new breakthroughs have been made in the short-length product metrics.
actions, leading to notable improvements in appearance quality.
51 52
Case Efficient Quality Management and Improvement at VAMA
Team
formation
Knowledge
sharing Problem
and team description
recognition
Establishment of Strategic & Customer
A P
CXO the CXO project Market Analysis Interim
Customer Internal (Quarterly) Preventive Disposition Planning measures
audit & audit & Product design measures implementation
Customer Management Workshop & confirmation •DFMEA & verification
request C D
review manager
review (Monthly) Process design •PFMEA Check Execution
& confirmation •MSA
Supervisor/Operation
Supplier supervisor Permanent Root cause
Small batch trial
survey & TUV audit (Weekly) •PPAP corrective action identification
production
Audit implementation & verification
Team leader Permanent
(Each team) Mass corrective
•SPC
production action selection
VAMA Quality Management & validation
System Audit VAMA layered audit VAMA Early product quality planning
Improvement
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Actively promote the ResponsibleSteel system certification
Establish a complete and efficient quality management system
TM
“ResponsibleSteel” refers to ResponsibleSteel , , a global non-profit organization aiming to promote the
sustainable development of the steel industry through formulating standards and certification programs.
VAMA adhered to and implement the quality policy of "Customer First, Sustainable Development, Pursuit
As one of the members of the ResponsibleSteel Association, VAMA established and implemented the
of Excellence, and Industry Leadership". In accordance with the requirements of the IATF16949 standard, a
ResponsibleSteel management system in 2023, continued to operate it in 2024, and actively promoted
complete and efficient quality management system has been established using the process approach and
the ResponsibleSteel system certification. Currently, VAMA has convened 23 stakeholders including
risk-based thinking. Combining advanced production technologies, management experience, and the joint
environmental protection, energy, marginalized groups, upstream and downstream suppliers, etc. to hold a
efforts of all employees, VAMA through a goal-oriented approach to improve quality internally and expand
stakeholder communication and exchange meeting, listened to the needs and expectations put forward by
the market externally. It promotes high quality development of the enterprise with high efficiency, achieving
stakeholders, and proposed countermeasures and solutions. In November 2024, VAMA successfully passed
continuous and stable business performance. Important technical indicators such as the proportion of
the third-party verification of ISO14064 - 1:2018 Greenhouse Gas Emission Management by TUV Rheinland.
automotive steel, on-time delivery rate, and the quality of key products have been steadily improved. New
production lines and products have been recognized by many mainstream domestic and foreign automotive VAMA adheres to the principle that "Quality is the lifeline of an enterprise", continuously improves product
OEM customers. quality, and constantly perfects the construction of the VAMA Quality Management System. With the
Comprehensively promote process review and standardized operations
improvement of the company's quality assurance ability and the strengthening of employees' quality
awareness, VAMA's products have won more and more customer certifications and recognitions. It has
VAMA promotes all quality management work in accordance with the full-process of the QMS system. successively won the "Annual Excellent Battery Safety Solution Innovation Award" issued by Battery
Among them, the Advanced Product Quality Planning (APQP) method is used to ensure quality control from Craftsman and passed the annual supervision audit of the IATF16949/ISO9001 Quality Management System
the development to the mass-production stage of new products. In 2024, VAMA comprehensively promoted by TUV Rheinland.
the process review and optimization work. Through system audits, departmental surveys, document
Continuously promote the handling of quality objections and quality improvement
reviews, etc., problems in the process were identified and optimized accordingly to ensure that all business
operations are carried out more smoothly and efficiently. A total of 20 quality training sessions were
organized throughout the year, covering a series of courses on quality standards, quality tools, and quality Relying on the IATF16949 Quality Management System in the automotive industry, an 8D process for
improvement. Employees' awareness of quality has been continuously enhanced, and initial results have handling customer quality objections has been established in the enterprise to continuously improve the
been achieved in the standardization of processes and equipment. quality of automotive steel products and customer satisfaction.
A multi-level audit mechanism has been established, involving the participation of all employees at the
management level (CXO), workshop/department level, supervisor/operation supervisor level, and front-line
team leader level, forming a comprehensive audit network that "covers all aspects horizontally and reaches
every level vertically". In 2024, all departments of VAMA carried out a total of 8035 hierarchical audits, and a
total of 1083 audit findings were proposed, all of which have been closed. The CEO, COO, CTO, and CFO led
4 hierarchical audits, proposing a total of 29 audit findings, 27 of which have been closed, and 2 are under
A P
rectification.
C D
Target level A P
C D
A P
Current
gr
ess
o
level pr
C D e p by-st
p-
Previous St e
level
53 54
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Quality Training Technological Innovation
The company adheres to the view that science and technology are the primary productive force and innovation is
In order to standardize the operation process, strengthen employees' quality awareness, improve the enterprise's
the primary driving force. It takes the construction of a technological innovation system and the establishment of
quality management level, and establish a cultural awareness of pursuing quality, the company improves the whole
a mature R&D system as the top priority of its corporate strategic decision-making. It increases R&D investment,
staff quality management awareness through inviting external training, benchmarking learning, and participating
introduces outstanding talents, and establishes a market-oriented talent incentive mechanism. The company's
in professional academic exchanges. The company formulates annual quality training plans and tasks according to
scientific research strength has been significantly enhanced, and scientific and technological innovation
the quality management system and standards, organizes quality-related key positions and key personnel to carry
achievements have emerged continuously.
out quality system training, and participates in quality knowledge competitions to improve employees' quality
management awareness and level.
R&D System
Invite external experts for teaching and training Valin Steel continuously constructs and improves a technology R&D system that guided by the market, driven by
innovation, and based on quality. It adheres to a decentralized, non-hierarchical matrix development approach, we
have strengthened in-house R&D capabilities at our proprietary technology center, established collaborative innovation
During the reporting period, experts and professors such as Jiang Haitao, researcher at the University of ecosystems through strategic integration of external intellectual resources, clear division of labor with complementary
Science and Technology Beijing, and Li Changrong, professor at Guizhou University, were invited to give advantages and risk-sharing mechanisms among partners. Built diversified innovation platforms that bridge industry,
special lectures on quality technology. Senior API consulting experts were invited to conduct training on the academia and research institutions. We strive to achieve breakthroughs in core industrial technologies, establish industry-
API 5CT 11th standard. Quality and safety training was jointly completed with provincial and municipal market wide technical standards, and implement intellectual property sharing mechanisms to accelerate the commercialization
supervision and administration bureaus. of R&D achievements and secure significant advances in pioneering technological innovations.
To strengthen the corporate R&D management system, the company has established a comprehensive set of research
governance documents, includingB asic Research Administration Regulations, R&D Control Procedures, Patent
Management Regulations, Scientific Project Implementation Guidelines, and R&D Project Management Measures, to
supervise and control each key milestone in the R&D process and ensure the orderly and efficient implementation
of scientific research work. Meanwhile, the company places paramount importance on intellectual property (IP) and
trade secret protection, having established robust management systems includingT echnical Confidentiality Control
Regulations, Intellectual Property Administration Measures, etc. to ensure that the company's trade secrets are
strictly supervised and used in a legal and compliant manner.
Special Topic
Conduct on-site production training and guidance Strengthen the protection of intellectual property rights
The company strictly complies with China's intellectual property laws and regulations, includingP atent Law
During the reporting period, professional engineers conducted training on product standards, production of the People's Republic of China, Trademark Law of the People's Republic of China and Copyright Law of the
processes, basic theories, etc., targeting the quality risks faced in each stage of the production process and the People's Republic of China. It implements supporting systems for the management of intellectual property
weak stages in operations, which improved the trainees' ability to solve practical problems. projects, improves the intellectual property management mechanisms, and strengthens the protection of the
company's intellectual property rights such as trademarks, patents, and copyrights. At the same time, through
continuous publicity and training, we continuously strengthen employees' awareness of intellectual property
management and protection to ensure the effective protection of the company's intellectual property rights.
Valin Lianyuan Steel was recognized as a national intellectual property advantage
enterprise, demonstrating that the enterprise has the strategic IP management framework,
holistic development in IP creation, utilization, protection and administration, and has
outstanding competitive advantages in IP portfolio. It is a demonstration enterprise with
industry influence and benchmarking significance. During the reporting period, the
company obtained 542 new patent authorizations, including 120 invention patents.
55 56
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
R&D Investment
Case Strongly Promote the Integrated Product Development (IPD) Mechanism
The on-site manufacturing advantage does not necessarily translate into a market competitive advantage.
Key Performance
How to transform products into valuable commodities? Our strategy is the integration of sales, research,
and production, which means centering around customers, taking sales as the leading factor, and effectively
combining the enterprise's production, sales, scientific research and other resources to develop products
4.0%
During the reporting period, the company
that meet market demand, so as to enhance the market competitiveness of the enterprise's products. Since
Representing of total
2013, the company has strongly promoted the Integrated Product Development (IPD) mechanism, and significantly increased its R&D investment to
annual revenue
established an IPD project R&D team integrating R&D, production, sales, and market. The project team is 5,726.08
required to achieve results within 3 - 6 months, performing seamless connection from on-site manufacturing million RMB
advantages to high end products that meet customer needs.
4.2%
4.0%
An important feature of the operation mode of Integrated Product Development (IPD) is professional 3.8%
3.7%
customization and precise supply, which greatly enhances the "stickiness" between users and steel mills. 3.5%
The " À la carte" management of customer orders, ensuring the timely delivery of small batch, multi-variety
and multi-specification orders, has multiplied the difficulty of the company's production organization;
customers' personalized needs are complex, and more and more unique grades are tailored for them.
This means that from product R&D to production scheduling, from production organization to order
fulfillment, from product distribution to technical services, all need to be integrated and optimized, which
can be described as "nanny style service". The company also needs to continuously carry out product and
technological innovation to meet the industrial upgrading needs of downstream customers. One generation
of production, one generation of R&D, and one for reservation, together, to jointly create value with
43.40 60.85 64.53 68.27 57.26
customers in the industrial chain.
With the addition of the Integrated Product Development (IPD) mechanism, the proportion of the
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
company's sales of specialty steel products has been continuously increasing. These products already
possess characteristics similar to those of special steel products and have established leading advantages in
R&D Investment R&D investment as a percentage of total revenue
niche markets for products such as wide and heavy plates, cold and hot rolled sheets, seamless steel pipes,
and industrial wire rods.
The operation mode of Integrated Product Development (IPD) is characterized
by "Three Concentrations"
"Three Concentrations" R&D Personnel
Concentrate internal
Key Performance
resources. Marketing, Concentrate multiple
Concentrate on the R&D
technology, production, forces to promote
direction of products
etc. form cross- new product varieties
to effectively overcome 14.09
departmental and cross- and intensify market At the end of 2024, the company had
the drawback of the R&D personnel accounted for % of
system project teams, development efforts, 3,300
disconnection between
which improves the ability ensuring both product in-house R&D personnel total workforce
R&D and market demand.
to respond quickly to the quality and price stability.
market.
57 58
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
R&D Platforms
During the reporting period, the company signed a strategic cooperation framework agreement with the
Central Iron and Steel Research Institute and jointly established the National Engineering Research Center
To strengthen scientific research and technological support and enhance independent R&D and innovation for Advanced Steel Materials. It also established joint R&D centers with Wangbian Electric, Hunan Shenyi
capabilities, the company, in line with the country's long-term science and technology development strategy, Machinery, and Zhejiang Fupu Cables, creating a brand-new cooperation model for the steel industry chain.
strongly supports the construction of various scientific research workstations and key laboratories and the The company actively carried out academic-industrial research project cooperation with many universities
recruitment of top-notch research-oriented talents. and research institutions such as Central South University, Wuhan University of Science and Technology, the
Central Iron and Steel Research Institute in Beijing, and the Institute of Metal Research of the Chinese Academy
The company has 11 national-level R&D platforms, including 2 national enterprise technology centers of Valin
of Sciences. The project contents involve product development, welding process research, optimization of ore
Xiangtan Steel and Valin Lianyuan Steel, and 2 post-doctoral research stations of Valin Xiangtan Steel and Valin
blending structure, etc.
Lianyuan Steel. It also has provincial-level engineering technology research centers such as Hunan Engineering
Technology Research Center for High-Strength Structural and Construction Machinery Steel, the provincial-level or
above R&D platforms such as Hunan Key Laboratory of Welding Process Technology and the Hunan Engineering
High-level diversified innovation platform
Research Center for High-Tech Ship and Offshore Construction Steel.
11 National-level
The company's physical and chemical testing center is a well-known laboratory in China that has passed the
certifications and recognitions of the three major systems of ISO, CMA, and CNAS. It is equipped with a large
22 Provincial-level
number of advanced and precise testing and analysis instruments and automated testing lines, mainly engaged in
the composition analysis of metallurgical raw materials and fuels, steel, and ferroalloys, as well as the mechanical
properties, process performance, and metallographic inspection of steel. In 2014, the welding laboratory was named N Enterprise-level
the Model Worker Innovation Studio of Master Ai Aiguo by the All-China Federation of Trade Unions and is equipped
with various advanced welding process equipment such as welding machines from the American LINCON Company.
On the occasion of the 100th anniversary of the founding of the Communist Party of China, the Party Central
Committee awarded the "July 1st Medal" for the first time. Comrade Ai Aiguo was honored with this medal, which 11 national-level
was personally presented by General Secretary Xi Jinping. He became the only one in the steel industry and the only
one in Hunan Province to receive this honor.
2 National Enterprise Technology Centers
During the reporting period, Valin Xiangtan Steel added two national-level research and service platforms, 2 Postdoctoral Research Stations
namely the National Industrial Measurement and Testing Center for Medium and Heavy Steel Plates and the
1 National Industrial Measurement and Testing Center for Medium and Heavy Steel Plates
National Measurement Data Construction and Application Base (Advanced Steel Materials). Valin Xiangtan
Steel also added the Hunan Provincial R&D and Application Innovation Consortium for Metal Materials Used 1 National Measurement Data Hub (Advanced Steel Materials applications)
in Special and Complex Marine Environments. Valin Lianyuan Steel added the Hunan Provincial Green High-
5 National Accredited Laboratories (Valin Xiangtan Steel, Valin Lianyuan Steel, Valin Hengyang Steel
Performance Silicon Steel Pilot Platform, the Hunan Provincial Engineering Research Center for Thin-Gauge
Tube, Yangchun New Steel, VAMA)
High-Frequency Silicon Steel, and the Hunan Provincial Innovation Consortium for High-Quality Grain-
Oriented Silicon Steel. Valin Hengyang Steel Tube added the Hunan Provincial Industrial Design Center, etc., a
total of 6 provincial-level research and service platforms.
22 provincial-level
5 Provincial Enterprise Technology Centers (Valin Xiangtan Steel, Valin Lianyuan Steel, Valin Hengyang
Steel Tube, Yangchun New Steel, VAMA)
2 Expert Workstations (Valin Xiangtan Steel, Valin Lianyuan Steel)
59 60
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
N enterprise-level
6 Provincial Engineering Technology Research Centers
Hunan Provincial Engineering Research Center for Hull and Marine Engineering Steel Reporting period:
Hunan Provincial Engineering Technology Research Center for High-Strength Structural and Co-established the National Engineering Research Center for Advanced Steel Materials with the Central
Construction Machinery Steel Iron and Steel Research Institute
Hunan Provincial Engineering Technology Research Center for Tool and Automotive Component Steel Established joint R&D centers with well-known enterprises such as Wangbian Electric, Putian Iron Core,
Hunan Shenyi Machinery, and Zhejiang Fupu Cables
Hunan Provincial Engineering Technology Research Center for Green High-Performance Silicon Steel
High-Quality Special Seamless Steel Tube Engineering Technology Research Center
Guangdong Provincial Engineering Technology Research Center for Wire Rod and Bar Steel
2 Provincial Engineering Research Centers
Science and Technology Awards
Hunan Engineering Research Center for High-Tech Ship and Offshore Construction Steel.
Hunan Provincial Engineering Research Center for Thin-Gauge High-Frequency Silicon Steel
To enhance R&D personnel motivation, all subsidiaries have implemented research incentive mechanisms
in accordance with Science and Technology Progress Reward Regulations, Technological Innovation Award
2 provincial new material pilot test bases:
Measures, etc. Provided additional rewards to scientific researchers based on their research contributions and R&D
Hunan Advanced Medium and Heavy Plate Pilot Test Base achievements.
Hunan Green High-performance Silicon Steel Pilot Test Base
1 provincial key laboratory:
Case Valin Lianyuan Steel | The 20th Science and Technology Week Grand Opening
Hunan Key Laboratory of Welding Process Technology
On November 4th, the opening ceremony of the 20th "Science and Technology Week" of Valin Lianyuan
1 provincial manufacturing innovation center:
Steel and the awarding ceremony of the 2024 Lianyuan Iron and Steel Science and Technology Progress
Hunan Manufacturing Innovation Center - High-quality Silicon Steel Manufacturing Process Award and Science and Technology Star were grandly held. Academician Mao Xinping, Professsor Jiang
Tao of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, and many technical authorities and well-known experts
1 provincial industrial design center:
from universities such as Central South University, Northeastern University, and University of Science and
Technology Beijing attended as guests. The conference commended the recipients of the 2024 Lianyuan
Hunan Industrial Design Center
Iron and Steel Science and Technology Progress Award and Science and Technology Star, with a total bonus
2 innovation consortia: exceeding 6 million RMB.
Hunan Provincial R&D and Application Innovation Consortium for Metal Materials Used in Special and
Complex Marine Environments
Hunan Provincial Innovation Consortium for High-Quality Grain-Oriented Silicon Steel
Recognize the "Technology Star" Award Present the "Science and Technology Progress Award"
61 62
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Scientific and Technological Innovation Achievements
The company aims at the high-end transformation direction of the industrial steel field, accelerates the construction
of a technology R&D and innovation system mainly based on Integrated Product Development (IPD), increases
the R&D efforts of high-end products, and actively promotes product structure adjustment and forward-looking
process technology R&D. During the reporting period, the company's R&D achievements emerged continuously.
There were 542 new patent authorizations, including 120 invention patents; 22 products were rated as "Golden Cup
High Quality Products", among which 2 were rated as the highest "Golden Cup Special Products". The Steel Pipe for
Offshore Engineering of Valin Xiangtan Steel was included in the list of the 8th batch of national single-champion
Valin Xiangtan Steel's "Key Technologies Valin Lianyuan Steel's "Key Manufacturing
products in the manufacturing industry, and VAMA won the title of single-champion enterprise in the manufacturing
and Applications of Intelligent Regulation Technologies and Industrialization of High-
industry in Hunan Province; it won 9 provincial and ministerial science and technology progress awards. Among for Random Power Generation Stations" Quality Ti-Microalloyed Atmospheric Corrosion-
them, the project "Key Technologies and Applications of Steel Materials for Extreme Condition Oil and Gas Extraction won the 2024 Hunan Provincial Science and Resistant Steel" won the 2024 Hubei Provincial
Technology Progress Second Prize Science and Technology Progress Second Prize
and Transportation" of Valin Xiangtan Steel and Valin Hengyang Steel Tube won the first prize, and 13 industry and
other science and technology awards. Among them, three projects of Valin Xiangtan Steel namely "Development
and Application of Key Green Manufacturing Technologies for High-Performance Wide and Heavy Plates", and Valin
Lianyuan Steel namely "New Generation Wear-Resistant Steel Technology and Engineering Application Based on TIC
Regulation" and "Research and Application of High-Precision Asymmetric Control Technology for Hot Continuous
Rolling Mills" won the first prize of the Metallurgical Science and Technology Award. The innovation entities have
been upgraded in quality. Valin Xiangtan Steel has been approved for the recognition of the national enterprise
technology center and the preparation of the national industrial measurement and testing center for medium and
heavy steel plates. The company has successfully established national-level R&D platforms for two consecutive years;
Valin Lianyuan Steel has been approved to establish the " Hunan Green High-performance Silicon Steel Pilot Test
Base", becoming the company's second new-material pilot platform; Valin Lianyuan Steel was selected as one of the
58 benchmark enterprises in the annual special evaluation of the national "Science-Reform Enterprises". The variety
structure has been continuously upgraded to the high-end, 26 high-end products were launched for the first time, 18 Valin Xiangtan Steel's Key Technology Valin Lianyuan Steel's Research
Valin Lianyuan Steel's New Generation Wear-
Development and Application and Application of High-Precision
new steel grades "replaced imports", and the sales proportion of key variety steels increased to 65%. Resistant Steel Technology and Engineering
of Green Preparation for High- Asymmetric Control Technology for Hot
Application Based on TIC Regulation
Performance Wide and Heavy Plates Continuous Rolling Mills Won the 2024
Won the 2024 Metallurgical Science and
Won the 2024 Metallurgical Science Metallurgical Science and Technology
Technology Award First Prize
and Technology Award First Prize Award First Prize
Valin Lianyuan Steel and Valin Hengyang Valin Xiangtan Steel's "Key Technology
Steel's Key Technologies and Applications of Development and Application of High-
Steel Materials for Extreme Condition Oil and Performance Weathering Bridge Steel" won the
Gas Extraction and Transportation Won the 2024 Hunan Provincial Science and Technology
2024 Hunan Province Science and Technology Progress Second Prize
Progress First Prize Valin Xiangtan Steel's Key Technology Valin Lianyuan Steel's "Development and Valin Lianyuan Steel's Key Technologies
Research and Application of High- Application of New Mold Equipment for and Industrial Applications of Functional
Quality Steel Continuous Casting and High-Efficiency and High-Performance Design and Precise Control of Inclusions
Cooling Precision Manufacturing Won Precision Slab Continuous Casting" won Won the 2024 Hubei Province Science
the 2024 Metallurgical Science and the 2024 Mechanical Industry Science and and Technology Progress First Prize
Technology Award Second Prize Technology Award Second Prize
63 64
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
R&D Achievements of Specialty Steel Valin Xiangtan Steel
In recent years, Valin Xiangtan Steel has vigorously promoted the adjustment of product mix and the high-end Full coverage of high-end varieties
development of products. During the reporting period, 37 high-end plate varieties such as high-strength offshore
engineering steel, Ni-series low-temperature steel, and rack steel were newly developed. Among them, the ultra-
thick rack steel developed was applied to the 3500T Asian largest wind power installation vessel; the normalized low-
temperature steel was first applied in the field of marine liquid ammonia fuel tanks; the Q1300 ultra-high-strength
structural heat-treated steel plate was first applied in China; and the wind power steel was supplied to the China
Resources Lianjiang Offshore Wind Farm, which has the largest single-unit capacity in China. In the field of wire rods
and bars, focusing on the high-end demands of construction machinery, new energy and other fields. 67 varieties Ni系低温钢 止裂钢
such as supercritical heat-resistant alloy steel and high-strength flat steel were newly developed. The cold heading
steel entered the high-end passenger car market, and the bearing steel and spring steel were successfully supplied to
large-scale component manufacturers, accelerating the pace of upgrading the product mix from good to excellent.
Steel for Shipbuilding and Offshore Engineering
Rack steel High-heat-input welded ship plates
Valin Xiangtan Steel positions its offshore engineering steel as mid-to-high-end products and promotes the
integration process of technology and high-end products. It has established strategic partnerships with
internationally renowned enterprises such as CNOOC and Saudi Aramco. The offshore engineering steel has
successively passed the certifications of the world's top 10 classification societies, obtained the American API system
Ultra-thick rack steel reaches the international advanced level
certification and the EU 10225 certification. Its market share has continuously ranked first in China and it holds an
important position in the international high-end market. It took the lead in formulating the first domestic industry
standard for offshore platform steel, Steel Plates for Offshore Platform Structures, and the standard for jacket steel, Ultra-thick rack steel is mainly used in key structures such as wind power installation vessels and jack-up offshore
Steel Plates for Offshore Jackets, filling the gap in the domestic standard for offshore platform structural steel. platform legs. The "offshore wind power installation vessel" is a crucial equipment for China's offshore wind
The overall technology of "Key Technology for Ultra-High Fracture-Resistant Thick Steel Plates" has reached the power operations to move towards the deep sea. The legs inserted into the seabed need to withstand the harsh
international leading level. environments such as tsunamis, storms, and low temperatures to stably support the vessel. During the reporting
period, Valin Xiangtan Steel exclusively supplied 177.8 mm ultra-thick rack steel for the "Hengtong Haiyue" large-
In recent years, Valin Xiangtan Steel has vigorously implemented the high-end strategy of quality and brand, leading
scale wind power installation platform. This platform is equipped with a 1,600-ton full-slewing super crane around
the technological iteration and upgrading of offshore engineering steel. It has developed more than 90 high-end
varieties such as Ni-series low-temperature steel, crack-arresting steel, rack steel, and high-heat-input welded ship the pile, and it is the leading fourth-generation self-
plates. Among them, more than 10 products were globally launched for the first time, replacing imports. The steel propelled and self-elevating large-scale wind power
for ships and offshore engineering has been applied to many world's best projects such as a certain offshore oil and installation platform in the deep sea in China, which
gas production platform in Qatar, giant offshore wind turbines, the "Dream" ocean drilling vessel, the Huangmaohai can be regarded as a new generation of large-scale
Sea-Crossing Bridge, as well as ultra-thick rack steel for "Hengtong Haiyue" wind power platform, cryogenic steel for wind power construction equipment. After that,
world's first Liquid Ammonia-Powered Vessel, making positive contributions to the "Made in China" moving towards Valin Xiangtan Steel developed ultra-thick and extra-
the middle and high ends of the global value chain. During the reporting period, Valin Xiangtan Steel offshore heavy rack steel plates with a maximum thickness
engineering steel was recognized as a national single-champion in the manufacturing industry, and the 420MPa- of 210 mm and a maximum single weight of 33 tons,
grade series of high-strength low-alloy structural steel for offshore platforms won the 2024 China Iron and Steel and obtained the certification from six classification
Industry Product Development and Market Expansion Award from the China Iron and Steel Association. societies, which is the maximum thickness certified
in China at present.
65 66
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Valin Xiangtan Steel Valin Lianyuan Steel
High-heat-input high-strength welded ship plates reach the international advanced level Valin Lianyuan Steel adheres to maximizing the production of special steel, promotes the R&D and structural
upgrading of high-value-added, differentiated and import-substituting products. The adjustment of the product
mix has achieved innovative breakthroughs, and the product grade has been upgraded to the mid-high end. It has
High-heat-input welded steel plates are mainly used in high-end ship types such as large container ships and
become an important global production base for high-end medium and thin gauge heat-treated high-strength
liquefied natural gas carriers that have an urgent demand for thick high-strength and high-toughness steel plates
steel plates. The leading hot-rolled products of Valin Lianyuan Steel form four major series: steel for construction
for welding. Using high-heat-input welded steel plates changes the previous multi-layer and multi-pass welding
machinery, hot-rolled automotive steel, wear-resistant steel, and acid and corrosion-resistant steel. The leading cold-
method for thick plates, which can effectively reduce the filling amount of weld metal, improve welding efficiency,
rolled products form four major series: cold-rolled automotive and special purpose steel, cold-rolled medium and
and significantly reduce ship construction costs. As early as 2019, Valin Xiangtan Steel developed high-strength ship
high carbon steel, galvanized steel, and silicon steel. The thin gauge high-strength steel for construction machinery
plates for high-heat-input welding with a welding heat input of 300 kJ/cm and supplied them for the construction
and wear-resistant steel are internationally leading. During the reporting period, Valin Lianyuan Steel newly
project of a large FPSO (Floating Production Storage and Offloading). It was well-received by users. During the
developed 65 products such as ultra-high strength steel, extra-thick wear-resistant steel, and high-grade silicon
reporting period, the high-strength ship plate E40-W700 for high-heat-input welding developed by Valin Xiangtan
steel. Products such as high-copper non-stick pan steel and cold-rolled wide-width coils were launched in China
Steel successfully passed the certification from six classification societies. The maximum certified thickness reaches
for the first time. The Hunan Green High-performance Silicon Steel Pilot Test Base, Hunan Provincial Engineering
85 mm, and the welding heat input reaches 700 kJ/cm. All performance indicators have reached the international
Research Center for Thin-Gauge High-Frequency Silicon Steel, and Hunan Provincial Innovation Consortium for High-
advanced level after testing.
Quality Grain-Oriented Silicon Steel were successfully established, and the innovation ability has been continuously
enhanced.
Silicon steel is an important soft magnetic alloy material indispensable for the country's industry, agriculture,
transportation, national defense, and people's lives. It is the cornerstone for the green, low-carbon, and efficient
development of the power industry and also the key material for the upgrading of various electrical products. It is
widely used in industrial motors, household appliances, new-energy vehicles, transformers, and other fields. Valin
Lianyuan Steel is an important domestic producer of silicon steel base materials. The base materials it supplies have
the advantages of stable performance and minimal thickness variation across plates. In June 2022, Valin Lianyuan
Steel launched a silicon steel finished product construction project with its holding subsidiary as the main body. The
project is constructed in two phases, with a cumulative investment budget of 9.114 billion RMB. After reaching full
production and efficiency, it will produce 800,000 tons of non-oriented silicon steel finished products and 300,000
tons of grain-oriented silicon steel finished products. Currently, it has the production capacity of high-grade and
high-magnetic induction non-oriented silicon steel finished products. With the first-class production management,
technology, and equipment level in the industry, it has become one of the few state-owned enterprises that
master the full-process production technology of silicon steel. In the future, it will further produce high-grade
and high efficiency non-oriented silicon steel, non-oriented silicon steel for new energy vehicle drives, and high
magnetic induction grain-oriented silicon steel, covering mainstream grades and achieving advanced industry-level
performance.
Silicon Steel Project Phase I, Step 1 Silicon Steel Project Phase II, Step 1
Implementation Implementation
It was put into operation on June 30, 2023, It is being accelerated, and it is expected to
and has achieved a production capacity of add a production capacity of 200,000 tons of
200,000 tons of non-oriented silicon steel non-oriented silicon steel finished products
finished products. and 100,000 tons of grain-oriented silicon steel
finished products within 2025.
67 68
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Valin Lianyuan Steel
Non-oriented silicon steel Gain-oriented silicon steel
Non-oriented silicon steel, due to its characteristics such as low magnetic hysteresis and low iron Grain-oriented silicon steel, due to its characteristics such as high magnetic permeability, low coercive
loss, is mainly used in large power generation equipment, various industrial drive motors, industrial force, and large resistivity coefficient, is widely used in various types of transformers, including main
control motors, electric transportation drive motors (including electric vehicles, electric aircraft, etc.), transformers, distribution transformers, and dry-type transformers. The manufacturing technology
serve motors of intelligent robots, drive motors of drones, and various household appliance motors. of grain-oriented silicon steel is highly complex and has a narrow process window. In particular,
Its application scope is extremely wide and shows a continuous expanding trend. The manufacturing the technical barriers for high-grade and high-magnetic induction grain-oriented silicon steel are
process of non-oriented silicon steel with top-grade performance has also become the key core extremely high, representing the highest level of steel manufacturing and being hailed as the "pearl
technology of silicon steel manufacturing enterprises and is protected as core business secrets. on the crown" of steel products.
During the reporting period, the product certification and market development work progressed During the reporting period, the first step of the second phase construction was accelerated. The No.
smoothly, quickly opening up the high-end market of leading household appliance enterprises such 1 annular annealing furnace successfully completed its initial ignition and furnace drying in October
as Midea, and winning the bid for a well-known leading enterprise in the new energy vehicle industry 2025 On January 17, 2025, the high-magnetic induction grain-oriented silicon steel project broke
and achieving mass supply. Throughout the year, on the basis of maintaining a supply scale of 990,000 through the full-process production technology of high-magnetic induction grain-oriented silicon
tons of non-oriented silicon steel base materials, 263,000 tons of non-oriented silicon steel finished steel, developed premium-grade products such as 20QGH075, and was recognized as one of the
products were produced, successfully achieving full production in the first phase of the first step. At "Hunan Top Ten Technological Research Projects in 2025". Phase II, Step 1 is expected to commence
present, Valin Lianyuan Steel has successfully produced Hunan's first 0.15mm silicon steel coil for new formal production in the first half of 2025.
energy vehicle drive motors, with electromagnetic performance reaching the level of the L15WV1000
grade.
69 70
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Valin Hengyang Steel Tube
Valin Hengyang Steel Tube continuously strengthens the enterprise's leading position in scientific and technological
World's most powerful rotary drilling rig
innovation, pursues development through innovation, and aims at the development trends of specialized,
diversified, and premium-grade of seamless steel tubes, promoting the industry to climb towards the "high-end"
and move towards the "new frontier". In the field of high-end steel tube applications, Valin Hengyang Steel Tube The rotary drilling rod pipes of Valin Hengyang Steel Tube an increase the
has developed 19 core technologies, set 21 Chinese and world records, and formulated and revised more than 60 guaranteed service life of rotary drilling rods from 500 hours to 3,000 hours and
national, industrial, and group standards related to three major key products such as oil and gas pipes, pressure have been successfully applied to the world's most powerful rotary drilling rig.
vessel pipes, and mechanical processing pipes, solving many bottleneck technical problems internally and abroad.
From the world's largest tonnage cranes to ultra-supercritical thermal power units, from oil extraction sites deep
Hydraulic cylinder pipes
underground to the Shenzhen-Zhongshan Link mega-bridge, Hualing Valin Hengyang Steel Tube continuously
promotes the application of new concepts, new technologies, and new methods.
The hydraulic cylinder pipes developed by Valin Hengyang Steel Tube have been successfully applied to the
hydraulic supports or hydraulic cylinders of Zhengzhou Coal Mining Machinery, Zoomlion, and SANY. They not only
Engineering Machinery Steel Tubes
meet the customers' requirements for the welding performance of high-strength cylinders but also greatly improve
the safety and service life of engineering components. The high-strength hydraulic cylinder pipes are applied to the
Valin Hengyang Steel Tube's engineering machinery steel tubes have been widely used in crane load-bearing trusses,
luffing cylinders of the world's largest 2,600-ton all-terrain crane.
rotary drilling rigs, and hydraulic support systems. Its customers include a large number of well-known domestic and
foreign enterprises such as XCMG, SANY, Zoomlion, Caterpillar, Sunward Intelligent, Liugong Machinery, Zhengzhou Hydraulic Supports for Coal Mining Machines in Extra-
Coal Mining Machinery, Fushun Excavator Manufacturing, Zhengzhou Yutong Heavy Industry, and Shandong Lovol Thick Coal Seams Mining
Heavy Industry, and it has won the title of excellent supplier from customers many times.
Valin Hengyang Steel Tube cylinder tubes are applied to the 8.8-meter ultra-
Crane boom tubes high hydraulic supports manufactured by Zhengzhou Coal Mining Machinery,
certified as "China's Top Coal Mining Equipment Brand" for the mining of extra-
Valin Hengyang Steel Tube's crane boom tube products have successfully replaced imported products and achieved
thick coal seam mining.
full coverage in the three market segments of boom tubes for tire cranes, crawler cranes, and port cranes. They are
used in cranes with extra-large tonnage and those used in extremely cold conditions such as the Arctic Circle. The
crane boom tubes are used in the world's largest 4500-ton crawler crane and the world's largest 4000-ton all-terrain
Oil & Gas Special Threaded Casing
crane.
The special thread products of Valin Hengyang Steel Tube have multiple performance indicators such as tensile
World's most powerful all-terrain crane
resistance, compression resistance, internal pressure resistance, and external extrusion resistance reaching or
exceeding 100% of the pipe body. Their excellent performance enables the seamless steel pipe products to adapt to
The crane boom tubes of Valin Hengyang Steel Tube have been successfully various complex environmental conditions such as high temperature, high pressure, and extreme geology, ensuring the
applied to XCMG 4000-ton all-terrain crane, which can meet the lifting height of products remain stable and reliable under extreme working conditions and reaching the world's advanced level. These
170 meters and the ultimate lifting weight of 230 tons. products have been widely used in oilfields such as PetroChina, Sinopec, and CNOOC and exported to more than 20
countries around the world, helping large domestic and foreign oil and gas fields to explore ultra-deep formations.
Rotary drilling rod pipes
During the reporting period, Valin Hengyang Steel Tube successfully developed the 10,000-meter deep well tubing for
the Tarim Oilfield, casing for the KOC Deep Well Project, 298.45×26.59 HS155HC for Daqing Drilling, 184.15 × 15.83
The rotary drilling rod pipes produced by Valin Hengyang Steel Tube have been supplied to many well-known 155V high-grade thick-walled casing for the Southwest Oil and Gas Field, 120S and 125S anti-hydrogen sulfide corrosion
construction machinery companies, successfully replacing imported products and ending the history of complete oil casings for the "Deep Earth Project" of Sinopec, X65QO SCR steel catenary riser by the coil tube method, and 15
dependence on imports for rotary drilling rod pipes. This has strongly supported the development of the rotary different specifications of special couplings. The products have been applied in batches to large-scale projects such as
drilling rig industry and the country's infrastructure construction. The rotary drilling rod pipes are applied to the the second deepest vertical well onshore in China - Qingbei 1 Well, the first 10,000-meter scientific exploration well in
world's largest 1,600-level rotary drilling rig, achieving a single-hole drilling diameter of up to 7.5m and a depth of China - Shendi Take 1 Well in the Tarim Oilfield of Xinjiang, the deepest geothermal scientific exploration well in China -
190m, breaking the records for the maximum drilling diameter and the deepest drilling depth. Hainan Fushenre 1 Well, and the first deep-water and deep-layer large oilfield in China - Kaipingnan Oilfield.
71 72
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
VAMA
VAMA focuses on the high-end automotive steel market in China, meeting the higher requirements for safety,
lightweight, anti-corrosion, and emission reduction in the automotive industry, and establishing a differentiated
Achieve new breakthroughs in multi-part integration
competitive advantage in the niche market. Its products have been certified by mainstream automobile
manufacturers in Europe, America, Japan, and domestic self-owned brands, and it maintains strategic cooperative
relationships with many automobile manufacturers, including global leading new energy vehicle companies and
Successfully developed the hot-formed ultra-large structure for inner and outer double door
domestic new car-making forces. It has a rich product portfolio such as advanced high-strength steel (AHSS), ultra- rings, significantly improving vehicle safety while effectively reducing weight by 20%, greatly
high-strength steel (UHSS), and aluminum-silicon coated hot-formed steel. Through innovative exploration of contributing to the automobile OEMs' improvement of the production efficiency.
processes such as multi-part integration (Multi Part Integration ™), the combination of laser tailor-welded blanks and
hot-forming technology, and innovative applications of components such as inner and outer door rings, integrated
Relying on VAMA profound accumulation and innovation ability in hot-formed steel
rear body skeletons, and steel battery packs, it continuously meets the growing demand of the automotive industry
technology field, VAMA took the lead in launching the solution for the hot-formed ultra-large
for high-strength and high-toughness materials and leads the lightweight development trend of the automotive
structure for inner and outer double door rings. On the basis of previous hot-formed laser
industry.
inner and outer door, as well as the single-side double ring structure for rear door, it was
further integrated into a four-ring structure, integrating the side wall structural parts of the
Ten Years of Persistent Efforts, Leading the Automotive Industry Lightweight
Development Trend entire passenger compartment area, that is, the enclosed
area from A pillar to C pillar and the sill, into an ultra-large
Since its commissioning in 2014, after ten years' hard work, VAMA has become a leader in the domestic integral structure. This fundamentally simplifies the supply
automotive steel industry. It has achieved the development and production of a full range of automotive chain process of the vehicle body side wall assembly and
steel products, from advanced high-strength steel to ultra-high-strength steel, and then to automotive provides all-round protection for passengers, making safer
outer panels, with an increasingly improved product structure, many products have filled the gaps in the vehicles as an option for a wider range of users.
domestic market. It has established multiple industry product standards, guiding the Chinese automotive
industry to benchmark international advanced standards or fill the gaps in domestic product standards.
The domestically developed hot-formed steel with the world's highest strength level has the highest market
share in the domestic market.
First launched the Alusi® steel battery pack technology, which meets the overall design
Multi Part Integration Solution requirements of new energy vehicle battery packs. Compared with aluminum battery packs,
the cost is reduced by more than 40%. While significantly improving safety performance, and
The Multi Part Integration (™) technology can integrate more than a dozen or even more parts together. It combines
achieving effective weight control.
aluminum-silicon coated hot-formed steel with laser tailor-welded ablation technology for integral forming,
VAMA has successively launched a series of advanced
significantly reducing the number of parts and assembly steps, simplifying the production process, and remarkably
solutions, constantly refreshed the highest safety level
improving production efficiency. This breakthrough delivers significant optimizations across multiple dimensions:
of battery packs. The new steel battery pack design uses
lightweighting, material utilization, and cost.
the aluminum-silicon coated hot-formed steel Usibor®,
including the upper cover, tray, and bottom guard plate. The
Hot-formed steel and laser tailor welding are a perfect match
maximum strength of the parts can reach 2,000 MPa, rise
the overall safety level of electric vehicles to a new height.
Notably, the combination of laser tailor welding technology and hot-formed steel provides strong technical Compared with the cold-formed steel battery pack tray,
support for multi-part integration. Laser tailor welding technology can precisely combine materials with it shows unparalleled high strength, the better geometric
different strengths, toughness, and thicknesses based on different parts requirements, making part design accuracy of hot-formed steel also makes the connection of
more flexible. The introduction of Ablation 3.0 technology integrates the removal of the AlSi coating with the closed parts closer. Compared with aluminum, it can also
welding process, further improving production efficiency and product quality. significantly reduce costs, bringing more innovation and
possibilities to the integrated design of electric vehicles.
73 74
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Key Projects Energy and Oil and Gas
The company's product mix strategy closely follows the development needs of equipment enlargement, complex
service environments, equipment lightweighting, and high-efficiency energy enhancement. It continuously
advancing product portfolios toward the premium end of industrial and value chains, and contributes to the key
domestic and international engineering projects. "Valin Manufacturing" supports "The Pillars of a Great Power"
and adds luster to "Super Projects". It is used in more than 1,000 key projects and landmark projects around the
world, and has established leading advantages in sub-fields such as energy and oil and gas, shipbuilding and marine
engineering, high-rise buildings and bridges, engineering machinery, automobiles, and household appliances.
Shipbuilding and Marine Engineering
Acid-resistant pipeline steel applied in the UAE WEP
project.
Pressure pipes steel supplied to the major Belt and Road
High-end marine steel plates are supplied to the world's Cryogenic steel applied to world's first liquid ammonia- Gas-tight casing supplied to the first ultra-10,000-meter hydropower project – Zhen'an Pumped Storage Power
most advanced ocean drilling vessel, the "Dream". powered vessel. scientific exploration well. Station in Shannxi.
High-corrosion-resistant weathering steel for marine
Rack steel is applied to ultra-large container ships. Structural steel for hulls is applied to the super LNG photovoltaics supplied to Huaneng Binzhou 850 MW
carrier, known as the "pearl on the crown" of the world's photovoltaic power project.
shipbuilding industry.
Steel applied to nuclear power has used to Shandong
High-strength steel of EH36 grade and above is applied High-strength steels such as DH36 and EH36 applied to High-end special-threaded casing supplied to the Shidaowan Nuclear Power Plant, the world's first
to the world's largest floating storage and offloading jacket structure of the Liuhua 11-1 platform. second-deepest onshore vertical well in China. commercial demonstration project of the fourth-
platform for natural gas processing. Qingbei 1 Well in Xinjiang Oilfield generation nuclear power technology.
75 76
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Construction Machinery and Equipment Manufacturing High-Strength Construction Steel and Bridges
High-strength steel for construction High-strength steel for construction High-strength steel for construction
machinery applied to the world's machinery applied to the world's machinery applied to the world's
largest mining electric shovel largest-tonnage heavy-duty crane. wheeled crane with the strongest Weathering steel supplied for the Linyi Yellow River High-strength construction steel applied in the world's
excavator. lifting capacity. Bridge most luxurious airport, Abu Dhabi International Airport
in the United Arab Emirates
High-strength steel for construction machinery applied
to aerial work platform booms and forklift frames. High-end steel for bridge structures supplied for the High-strength construction steel applied in the landmark
Huangmaohai Sea-Crossing Bridge building in Dubai, "The Mirror of Dubai"
Wear-resistant steel applied to coal mining machinery,
agricultural machinery and crushing machinery.
Ultra-high-strength girder steel supplied for electric Boom pipes supplied for the world's largest crawler
heavy trucks. crane.
77 78
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Safeguarding Customer Rights and Interests
Customer Service
The protection of customer rights and interests has become an important part of enterprise's sustainable
We always adhere to the "customer-centricity" philosophy and are committed to maximizing value creation for our development, impacting not only enterprise's reputation but also long-term development and market
customers. The company creates an intelligent "EVI + CTS" marketing service model integrating supply, production, competitiveness. We prioritize continuous strengthening of customer rights protection through quality control,
research, and sales. This deeply integrates resources, and precisely meets customer needs. Customer service covers transparent product information, personalized contract design, supply chain transparency, rapid response
the main processes such as product R&D, production process, and sales, focusing on building a good and sustainable mechanism, data protection, and privacy policy.
customer relationship and fully safeguarding customer rights and interests. At the same time, we continuously
optimize the customer experience, establish a rapid response mechanism, ensure that the product and service
Product Quality Control
quality meet multi-level, comprehensive, personalized, and customized needs of customers. We determine the
height with attitude, continuously optimize the customer experience and satisfaction, and join hands with customers Adhering strictly to national and international quality standards, we implement a comprehensive, multi-
to embark on the road of high-quality development. tiered quality management system. Each production stage—from raw material procurement to manufacturing
processes—undergoes sampling and full inspections. Only products meeting all process requirements are
released to the market.
Customer Service System
Transparent Product Information
Build a balanced, efficient, and lean production system supported by intelligent manufacturing. We provide professional technical support to help customers understand product performance characteristics,
Comprehensively improve and optimize production scheduling, manufacturing, quality control, usage methods, and maintenance requirements. Through initiatives such as technical seminars and training
delivery logistics, and arrival accuracy. sessions, we enhance customers' knowledge and application capabilities for customized products.
From on-site to the market, we implement a consistent quality standard. Adhere to the
Personalized Contract Design
concept that " Quality Defines Product Excellence, and Customer Feedback Drives Continuous
Improvement". We build the sales department into the Voice of customers, and the quality Tailored to factors such as customer type, collaboration history, and specific needs, we design customized
department as the Guardian of customer standards. sales contracts. These contracts clearly define quality standards, delivery timelines, after-sales service, and
other critical terms to meet diverse customer requirements.
Launch the strategic "Year of Product" campaign. R&D and improvement should achieve "Three
Alignments": align with customers, align with the market, and align with the site, and meet the
Supply Chain Transparency
personalized needs of customers with varieties that lead competitors and the market.
Leveraging real-time information management systems, we track key stages including raw material
procurement, production progress, and logistics transportation. Proactively sharing this data with customers
ensures full supply chain visibility, strengthening their confidence and satisfaction.
Build an intelligent, information-based, and digital smart delivery system for sales-R&D-
production, provide customers with end-to-end information updates, improve logistics
management and efficiency, and ensure that the delivery rate of specialty steel reaches 100%.
Rapid Response Mechanism
We have established theP roduct Service Management Procedure and External Product Quality Dispute
Build a 24-hour customer service center. EVI and CTS respond quickly in all aspects such as Resolution Policy. The Sales Department serves as the centralized hub for receiving customer complaints or
customer project design, bidding, on-site support, and after-sales service, and act as the "whistle quality disputes (submitted via any channel), then escalates them in report form to internal stakeholders for
- blowers" for customers. timely corrective action per defined procedures.
79 80
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Customer Data Security & Privacy Protection
Case Valin Xiangtan Steel | Focus on New Quality Productivity and Cooperate Success for the Future
Key Performance
The company prioritizes safeguarding customer 0 From November 13 to 15, 2024, Valin Xiangtan Steel hosted a customer conference themed "Focusing
intellectual property and trade secrets. We implement During the report period, there is information on New Quality Productivity, Collaborative Success for the Future." Nearly 700 customer representatives
confidentiality measures and contractual clauses, security breach. and industry experts nationwide attended, joining Valin Xiangtan Steel in strengthening partnerships and
continuously improving our data protection 0 exploring new growth opportunities. Participants highly praised Valin Xiangtan Steel's plate, wire, and bar
management framework to ensure strict supervision incidents of customer privacy leaks. products, particularly their applications and R&D advancements, reaffirming the company's leadership in
and lawful use of customer proprietary information. innovation and customer collaboration.
A customer from Guangdong：As a major steel manufacturer in the shipbuilding industry, Valin Xiangtan
Measures
Steel has ranked first in ship steel production for many years. Its product quality and customer-centered
service have always been at the leading level in the industry.
Enforced specialized Implemented graded
Mandated NDAs with
registration and tracking authorization controls for A customer from Ningbo: Valin Xiangtan Steel has always had a good reputation for its delivery time in
customers, specifying
protocols for all electronic/ customer data, utilizing the industry. We hope to carry out deeper cooperation with Valin Xiangtan Steel in production-sales
liabilities for violations to
hardcopy documents and authenticated encryption and connection, logistics and transportation, and digitalization.
prevent leakage of technical
processing materials used in identifiable confidentiality
information to competitors.
A customer from Shanghai: We have established a relatively mature and regular business communication
bilateral operations. methods.
mechanism with Valin Xiangtan Steel. During this period, the professional ability and dedication shown
by Valin Xiangtan Steel's marketing team are an important guarantee for the continuous consolidation of
the cooperative relationship between the two parties, which is worthy of our admiration and learning.
Responsible Marketing Practices
The company adheres strictly to responsible marketing
Case Valin Hengyang Steel | Always Prioritize Customer Service
Key Performance
and advertising content governance, complying with
Advertising Law of the People's Republic of China and
0
Valin Hengyang Steelpipe has established a Digital Intelligent Marketing Service Platform, leveraging
Consumer Rights Protection Law of the People's Republic
During the report period, there is marketing-
mobile and internet technologies to build a collaborative marketing service system. This platform
of China, established responsible marketing policies with
related lawsuit.
creates a flattened, grid-based marketing service model, integrating mobile access, service delivery,
clear operational requirements. Meanwhile, developed 0
collaboration tools, communication channels, and operational synergy into a unified innovative mobile
compliance guidelines for promotional activities to incident of regulatory penalties for marketing
marketing service platform. Adhering to the customer-centered philosophy, the Digital Intelligent
ensure all advertising is complete, accurate, objective practices.
Marketing Service Platform provides innovative and personalized interaction and services to customers,
and easily understandable. Strengthened oversight in
offers 24/7 online service, improves response speed and customer experience. At the same time, it
marketing, pricing, distribution channels, and operational
can help marketing personnel improve work efficiency and strengthen market business development.
compliance.
Furthermore, the platform uses sales data as a driver to synchronize improvements across production,
quality control, logistics, and R&D, creating a virtuous cycle that boosts overall operational efficiency.
Customer Relationship Management More than 550 wells received on-site well technical services throughout the year, including 164 key
wells over 7,000 meters, 94 ultra-deep wells over 8,000 meters, and 28 key high-risk wells with high
The company consistently prioritizes customer needs, adhering to a customer-first principle. All subsidiaries
temperature, high pressure, and high sulfur content. It achieved excellent results in well-running in the
place high importance on product services, having established a comprehensive and efficient customer feedback
Southwest Oil and Gas Field. The on-site service was efficient and professional, and all oil casings passed
mechanism to promptly assess satisfaction levels and gather improvement suggestions regarding product quality
the cementing pressure test without any quality problems. In terms of the number of well-running, the
and services. We continuously enhance service skills training, optimize service processes, and ensure coordinated
total pipes deployed, the tonnage supplied, and the specifications of oil casings, it ranked first among
follow-up among technical, production, and quality teams to achieve rapid response, swift feedback, and immediate
all suppliers, far ahead of other manufacturers, providing critical support for the capacity release of the
improvements. Guided by the principle of "addressing minor issues promptly and resolving major issues overnight,"
Southwest Oil and Gas Field.
we deliver efficient solutions. Additionally, we regularly organize customer engagement activities—such as industry
seminars and new product launches—to strengthen interaction, foster mutual trust and collaboration, and achieve
win-win outcomes that drive sustainable development in the steel industry.
81 82
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Improve After-Sales Service
A certain component supplied for the "Yiyang No. 1" project of Dongfang Boiler Group Co., Ltd. was bent
during the processing, halting production. To ensure the smooth processing of the pipe material, our To continuously improve service quality and effectively capture customer feedback on products and services,
technical team collaborated closely with the client to recalculate and adjust machining parameters, we have implemented standardized management procedures includingC ustomer Satisfaction Measurement
conducted small-scale trial processing to identify optimal solutions, successfully completed weld Management Procedure, Customer Satisfaction Monitoring and Measurement Management System, and Product
bevel machining on the pipe ends and ensured on-time project delivery, earning high praise from the Service Management Procedure. These protocols regulate service workflows across pre-sales, sales, and after-
customer. sales stages. All subsidiaries conduct structured customer satisfaction surveys, with the scoring results enabling us
to identify service gaps through quantifiable data, implement targeted improvements for low-scoring areas, and
progressively elevate satisfaction levels through closed-loop corrective actions.
Case Valin Xiangtan Steel | Enhancing On-Time Delivery Performance
Case Valin Lianyuan Steel | Paving a Shared Path of Mutual Growth
During the reporting period, despite an expanded product portfolio, the company achieved year-over-
On November 18, 2024, Valin Lianyuan Steel grandly convened its 2025 Annual Customer Conference
year improvements in specialty steel delivery rates. Among them, the average delivery rate of containers
under the theme "Ocean Rhythms, Steel Intelligence – Forging the Future." Over 600 client representatives,
increased by 6.21%, high-strength and wear-resistant products increased by 6.31%, offshore engineering
partners, and distinguished guests from across China gathered to strengthen ties and collaboratively chart a
products increased by 10.52%, and that of high-rise building products increased by 3.4%. The company
green, high-quality development path for the steel industry, while building new industrial chain ecosystems.
improved its intelligent logistics system to provide customers with full-process information push; the
The conference featured five specialized technical sessions, facilitating in-depth exchanges on heat-
proportion of small boats was increased from 8% to 58%, the full-loading cycle of ships was shortened from
treated high-strength & wear-resistant steels, high-strength galvanized & hot-formed steels, high-strength
6.7 days to 5.4 days, and the achievement rate of shipping from the factory to the customer's port within 15
rebars & transportation infrastructure materials, advanced shipbuilding steels & high-manganese steels
days was increased from 28% to 65%.
and medium/high-carbon products. These sessions showcased the company's R&D breakthroughs and
application achievements, while identifying emerging market opportunities to develop new growth drivers
and competitive advantages across the steel value chain.
Case Valin Lianyuan Steel | Strictly Fulfills Sales Service Commitments
On-site arrival within Quality/quantity On-site resolution: 2 Case closure within
Case VAMA | Expanding Customer Base and Improving Customer Satisfaction
24 hours of request disputes acknowledged days within prince, 4 7 days of on-site
receipt within 24 hours days cross-province verification
During the reporting period, VAMA strengthened strategic partnerships with traditional automakers while
actively building a diversified cooperation ecosystem. The company has established collaborations with
97
multiple leading domestic EV manufacturers in China, solidifying its position in the new energy vehicle
During the reporting period, Valin Lianyuan Steel achieved -point comprehensive evaluation of
sector. Currently, the company maintains stable long-term strategic cooperative relationships with many 2
customers of automotive sheets and industrial materials in galvanized, zinc-iron, cold-rolled, aluminized customer satisfaction, marking a -point year-over-year improvement.
and aluminum-silicon hot-formed products. As a premier automotive steel solutions provider, VAMA
always adheres to the concept of providing customers with the highest-quality products and services,
added several on-site sales and technical support engineer positions to respond to customer needs more
efficiently; optimized the mechanism for handling claims without on-site inspection in response to customer
complaints, and further delegated the authority for claim settlement to improve the efficiency of handling
quality objections, and continuously optimized and improved the customer after-sales service experience;
strengthened internal management by establishing the "Project Everest" office, and the important technical
indicators such as product on-time delivery rate and key product quality have been steadily improved.
83 84
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Partial Client Portfolio
Customer Service Achievements
The company always adheres to the customer-centric approach, builds its brand with integrity, and creates value for customers.
With excellent products, stable quality, and service beyond expectations, it has established leading advantages in segmented
Key Strategic Clients
fields such as energy and oil and gas, shipbuilding and offshore engineering, machinery and bridges, and automobiles and
home appliances, and has established in-depth cooperative relationships with benchmark customers in key industries. During
the reporting period, the company and its subsidiaries were repeatedly awarded honorary titles such as "Excellent Supplier",
"Gold Supplier", and "Strategic Partner" by customers, and received unanimous praise from customers.
Valin Xiangtan Steel held a celebration ceremony The VAMA Customer Experience Center Inaugurated
for the supply to Hyundai Heavy Industries in South with "Building on Legacy, Co-Creating the Future" 10th
Korea exceeding 2 million tons. Anniversary Celebration
Partial Honors & Awards
Outstanding Partner – Sany Group
Co., Ltd.
Valin Lianyuan Steel
Strategic Partner – Hauste Group Excellence Contribution Award –
Sany Heavy Lift Business Division
Valin Lianyuan Steel Valin Lianyuan Steel
Excellent Supplier – Sany Pump &
Road Machinery Business Division
Valin Lianyuan Steel
Strategic Collaborative Supplier – Top Intelligent Agricultural
Sany Commercial Vehicle Machinery Supplier – Zoomlion
Valin Lianyuan Steel Valin Lianyuan Steel
Excellent Strategic Partner – China
Railway No.4 Engineering Group
Yangchun New Steel
Outstanding Supplier – China
Preferred Supplier – Sany Heavy
Railway Construction Bridge
Lift Business Division
Engineering Bureau Group Co., Ltd.
Yangchun New Steel Valin Hengyang Steel Tube
Outstanding Supplier – Sinopec
Valin Hengyang Steel Tube
85 86
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Supplier Tiered Management System
Supply Chain Management
Supplier tiered management is a critical initiative to ensure stable raw material supply, enhance product quality,
Supply chain management has become a pivotal element for steel enterprises to ensure stable operations and
and drive sustainable development. The company implements dynamic supplier evaluations based on supply
implement ESG principles. Our supply chain oversight spans from raw material sourcing to end-product delivery,
quality, pricing competitiveness, contract fulfillment rate, comprehensive capabilities, after-sales service, bidding
with strict adherence to established management protocols. In procurement business, we adhere to "transparent
performance. It conducts comprehensive evaluations and classifications of suppliers on a quarterly and annual basis,
and standardized operation", comprehensively implement public bidding, and expand channels for high-quality
and conducts elimination and promotion on an annual basis. According to the comprehensive evaluation results,
resources. We have issued institutional documents such as theA uthorization (Agency) Management Procedures,
suppliers are divided into three levels: strategic, key, and general, and tiered management is implemented:
Supplier Management System, Bidding/Negotiation Management Measures, Business Operations Management
Procedures, Procurement Control Management Program, Supplier Qualification Management Program, and Quality
Dispute & Settlement Dispute Resolution Procedures. These frameworks standardize workflows and drive green,
Strategic Suppliers Key supplier General supplier
equitable, and efficient development across the industrial chain.
Priority payment and Regular payment and Control procurement
increase in procurement procurement according volume, strictly approve
volume to the plan payments
Strengthen Supplier Management
Rectification/Deletion
Supplier Qualification Management
For suppliers with average or poor comprehensive evaluations, assist them in improvement or put forward
rectification suggestions and set a time limit for rectification. They can continue to supply goods after
The company has established a comprehensive qualified evaluation system for suppliers and strictly implements the passing the acceptance. If they cannot improve within the time limit, cooperation will be gradually reduced
review of supplier short-listing. It conducts a comprehensive review of the relevant qualifications and comprehensive until the supplier qualification is eliminated.
service levels of new suppliers to prevent bad suppliers with low credit ratings, poor performance capabilities, and
many legal disputes from entering the list of qualified suppliers. Through rigorous supplier access management, it
The company conducts material evaluations at different frequencies according to the importance of the purchased
ensures the high-quality and sustainability of the supply chain from the source.
materials. The specific classification is shown in the following figure:
Supplier Qualification Process
Evaluation at the end
Semi-annual evaluation Annual evaluation
of the month
Procurement Supplier evaluation
On-site audit/Trial
department committed review &
Raw material varieties such as Important/Critical Purchased Other varieties
testing
qualification review approval
coal, coke, iron ore, pig iron, Goods, tiered evaluation of
and scrap steel other varieties of materials
Valin Xiangtan Steel
Valin Xiangtan Steel has put forward mandatory requirements for enterprise qualifications in accordance with
the latest national laws and regulations, such as work safety license, national industrial product production
license, special equipment production unit license, hazardous chemicals business license, precursor chemicals
Submit to marketing One-time Final authorization
business license, road transport business license, and the list of road motor vehicle production enterprises.
department for initiating procurement by corporate
It has sorted out the qualification status of registered enterprises, modified relevant documents on supplier
qualification process execution leadership
management as required by regulations, and adjusted the basic conditions for supplier access.
87 88
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Valin Lianyuan Steel
Strengthen the supervision of important links and sensitive positions such as the procurement
Valin Lianyuan Steel has increased the intensity of market visits, gone deep into mines and suppliers' and bidding process and raw fuels incoming inspection. For example, strengthen the quality
production sites, collected inventory data of various ports and first-hand market information, and further control of scrap steel, through measures such as increasing the sampling ratio, changing the
broadened procurement channels. Through process optimization, it has revised systems such as theB ulk sampling method, increasing the punishment intensity, controlling the source quality, and
Raw Material Pricing Management Procedures, implemented dynamic management of suppliers, evaluated implementing monthly evaluations, effectively combat acts of fraud.
suppliers quarterly, and increased the development of high-quality new resources. In 2024, 129 new suppliers
and varieties of bulk raw materials were added, 80 suppliers and varieties were eliminated, and the supply
share of direct supply from mines and manufacturers was increased.
Valve procurement was taken as a pilot item for standardized and refined procurement. The
procurement bidding was evaluated from multiple dimensions such as weight, material, model
Valin Hengyang Steel Tube selection, and brand, and refined the sub-item standards. Under the condition that the weight,
material, and configuration of the suppliers' bids were basically similar, the price difference
In addition to meeting the basic access requirements for non-key service providers, key service providers
was reduced, and the probability of the top domestic manufacturers winning the bid increased
are required to undergo on-site reviews or verification of compliance with laws and regulations, patents,
greatly, basically achieving cost-effective procurement.
safety, and environmental protection factors. The hierarchical management of key service providers is further
strengthened in the processes of access, formalization, change, performance evaluation, re-evaluation,
elimination, and resumption of execution. After strengthening management responsibilities, optimizing
Organize suppliers to sign theI ntegrity and Anti-Corruption Agreements and employees to sign
processes, and integrating systems, the system documentH engsteel Supplier Management System (HGSC-
theC lean Conduct Self-Discipline Commitments. Heavily punish suppliers for acts of bribing or
GL-0002) has added classification control of service providers, supply chain management, and re-evaluation
offering other benefits to win over and corrupt procurement personnel, strive to achieve "zero
requirements, comprehensively realizing the full life cycle management of suppliers.
violations and zero irregularities", and build an impeccable integrity, accountability-driven
culture and resilient professional ethics procurement team.
VAMA
VAMA has focused on increasing the development of new suppliers for key and bottleneck materials that affect supply
chain safety, cost, and quality, promoted the generalization of spare parts and materials, broken the exclusive monopoly Case Actively Promote Digital Procurement
of suppliers, and reduced the restrictions of single-source suppliers and agents on procurement channels. It has
implemented dynamic management of suppliers, comprehensively evaluated suppliers from multiple dimensions such The company actively responded to the national call for digital transformation and was committed to
as comprehensive ability, price, supply quality, and service, clearly defined the procurement priority levels corresponding promoting the digital upgrading of internal and external business. It promoted the construction of an
to the four grades of ABCD, resolutely eliminated tier D suppliers, implemented the last-place elimination system, and the electronic signature service platform to help build a closer and more efficient supply chain ecosystem. At
annual elimination rate of active suppliers reached 10%, doubling that of the previous year. present, the integration of the electronic signature service platform with the existing ERP integrated system
has been achieved, realizing seamless docking of business processes.
During the reporting period, the company adhered to the three platform goals of "transparency, fairness,
Implementation of Transparent Procurement
and efficiency". The annual total transaction volume of the digital procurement platform reached 15.71
million tons, with a total transaction value of 14.8 billion RMB. Among them, the transaction volume of
During the reporting period, the company actively promoted a transparent procurement model, committed to building a fair,
imported iron ore was 15.15 million tons, amounting to 13.9 billion RMB; the transaction volume of coking
open, and integrity-driven supply chain system. Each subsidiary signed theS unshine Cooperation Agreements, Integrity and
coal was 110,000 tons, amounting to 240 million RMB; and the transaction volume of pulverized coal
Anti-Corruption Pledges and Ethical Transaction Responsibility Contracts with suppliers, transmitting the concepts of abiding by
injection was 450,000 tons, amounting to 660 million RMB.
national laws, operating with integrity, professional ethics, clean and sunny business practices and fulfilling social responsibilities
to suppliers; increased the intensity of public bidding, and used digital platforms such as Hegang Network and Global Ferroalloy
Network to release public inquiry information to ensure that suppliers could obtain accurate information in a timely manner and
Digital Platform Procurement Expansion
participate in fair competition; strictly regulated the procurement process, strengthened the certification, selection and assessment
of suppliers, evaluated suppliers from aspects such as information security, occupational health and safety, and environmental On January 31, 2024, the company initiated a procurement project on the digital platform, with 5
management systems, and effectively prevented potential risks in the supply chain. During the reporting period, in order to promote suppliers participating in the quotation. It finally purchased 10,000 wet metric tons of RTX lump ore,
and standardize the digital procurement of bulk raw fuels, the company formulated theC oal Digital Procurement Management with a transaction price of RMB 1,116/wet ton (tax-inclusive, CIF Jiangyin Port). This block of ore was
Guidelines (Trial), and conducted online price-comparison procurement of coal resources through the digital procurement platform purchased for the first time.
to achieve an open, transparent, efficient and traceable digital procurement process for coal.
89 90
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Case Bulk Raw Fuel Procurement - Implementing Four Principles and Focusing on Five Critical Elements Implement Green Procurement
During the reporting period, the steel industry faced increasing downward pressure. However, the prices of "Lucid waters and lush mountains are invaluable assets." The company actively promotes green procurement to
key raw materials such as iron ore and coal remained elevated, imposing significant cost pressures on steel minimize the environmental impact of production activities, reduce resource consumption, and collaborate with
producers. The company's procurement team stabilized supply channels, expanded resource options, and suppliers to foster eco-conscious practices and propagate ecological civilization.
secured logistics support. By implementing four key measures and focusing on five critical elements, the
team ensured high-quality supply while reducing costs.
Four Measures
For the procurement of environmental protection equipment, safety equipment, labor protection
Break During exceptional circumstances, it is imperative to break conventional thinking. This
supplies and related materials, select products produced by enterprises with production qualifications in
conventional includes re-evaluating inventory control, shared stockpiling, resource channels, customer
minds structures, and accounts payable limits, adopting unconventional strategies as needed. accordance with the requirements of the company's environmental and occupational health and safety
management system. It is prohibited to purchase relevant materials that clearly violate environmental
protection requirements or safety requirements as stipulated by the state. For special labor protection
Systematic Conduct in-depth benchmarking, worked on internal comparison (horizontally and
supplies, the supplier with a labor protection supplies business license is required to provide the
Cost vertically). Externally against leading global steel enterprises to identify gaps and
Reduction implement comprehensive cost-cutting measures. production license, product certificate, safety appraisal certificate or inspection report of the products.
Strengthen internal and external coordination to enhance the company's industry
influence and bargaining power. Subsidiaries must align resource allocation, avoid internal
Collaborative
competition for existing supply channels, and prevent resource leakage. Additionally,
Operations
collaborate with industry associations and peer enterprises to secure favorable terms in
negotiations with long-term partners and market players.
For the supply of scrap steel, select suppliers with the qualification to operate waste materials in
Rapid Ensure prompt implementation of all production- and procurement-related resolutions
accordance with the company's environmental and occupational health and safety management
Execution approved at corporate meetings across all levels.
requirements. Ensure that the scrap steel purchase and sales contract has provisions to control explosive
materials, radioactive materials and other dangerous goods and implement them. Imported scrap steel
Five Critical Elements
or other imported waste materials that can be used as raw materials must meet the requirements of the
National Environmental Protection Administration and the General Administration of Quality Supervision,
Price
Intensify supplier negotiations to lower procurement costs for coal and iron ore.
Reduction Inspection and Quarantine.
Relax certain material usage standards (without breaching key performance thresholds)
Structural
to increase the blending of non-mainstream ores, high-sulfur coking coal, and high-
Cost
sulfur lean coal. Simultaneously, expand procurement channels for cost-effective
Optimization
alternatives.
For chemicals, oils, and dust-prone materials, suppliers handling transportation must implement anti-leakage,
Maintain coal, coke, and ore inventories at minimum threshold levels. Enhance inter-
Inventory anti-spillage, and anti-breakage measures (fire/explosion-proof measures for flammable/explosive materials).
subsidiary coordination to institutionalize inventory-sharing mechanisms, paving the
Reduction
way for further stockpile reductions. For hazardous materials (flammables, explosives, toxic chemicals, radioactive substances, etc.) procurement
require manufacturers to provide Safety Data Sheets (SDS).Toxic and hazardous chemicals must be transported
by certified vehicles, operated by licensed drivers, and supervised by professional escorts.
Logistics Reduce logistics costs by optimizing port layouts and increasing the share of waterway
Optimization transportation.
Capital Cost Lower operational capital occupancy and improve cash flow by reducing inventory,
Reduction increasing accounts payable, and extending payment terms.
91 92
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Valin Lianyuan Steel | Joint Laboratory for Innovative Applications of Advanced Automotive Steel
Case VAMA | Promotes Green Supply Chain Practices Case
with CAERI
To become the premier integrated solutions provider for automotive steel, VAMA is firmly committed to the During the reporting period, Valin Lianyuan Steel joined hands with China Automotive Engineering
vision of "leading the trend of lightweighting, empowering automakers to produce vehicles that are lighter, safer, Research Institute Co., Ltd. to jointly establish an Advanced Automotive Steel Innovation and Application
more eco-friendly, and cost-effective." In line with this mission, VAMA prioritizes green and low-carbon products. Joint Laboratory. In recent years, the scope of cooperation between the two parties has been continuously
During the reporting period, VAMA organized second-party audits for 8 suppliers, introduced equipment and expanding, and extensive and in-depth cooperation has been carried out in the fields of automotive steel
materials with the least environmental harm, lowest energy consumption and optimal cost to achieve the
material and process performance testing, EVI
ecological and low-carbon development of the enterprise; promoted the establishment of long-term green
application technology research, CAE digital
cooperation relationships with suppliers, and jointly carried out on-site construction and implementation of the
technology, and standard formulation. The
green project photovoltaic construction EPC project with suppliers, becoming an example of jointly exploring
establishment of the joint laboratory will help
a more environmentally friendly and efficient production and supply model for automotive steel; utilized the
the two parties share resources, information,
relatively mature technology and strict standards of the shareholders in the green production of automotive
and achievements, and will promote the
steel to promote the introduction of internationally advanced green automotive steel production technology and
technological progress and innovation
product standards, and learned from these standards to improve the level of green procurement; in the serial
development of Valin Lianyuan Steel and China
development of energy - saving and environmentally friendly products and efforts to improve material efficiency,
Automotive Engineering Research Institute Co.,
VAMA continued to pioneer new areas of technological leadership, expand the enterprise's living space and build
Ltd. to a new level.
competitiveness in the new era of steel.
Industry Collaboration
Case Valin Hengyang Steel | Seminar on Special Steel Pipes in Oil & Gas Applications
Actively Promote Industry Cooperation
During the reporting period, Valin Hengyang Steel co-organized the "Beijing International Pipeline Technology
Exchange Conference & Seminar on Special Steel Pipes in Oil & Gas Applications," hosted by the China
The company emphasizes inter-industry collaboration and coordinated development, actively participates in
International Petroleum & Natural Gas Pipeline and Storage & Transportation Technology Equipment Exhibition.
industry activities, stays abreast of industry trends, and engages in exchanges and discussions with peers regarding
The seminar showcased cutting-edge technological equipment across the entire pipeline industry chain,
industry advancement and technological innovation.
including oil & gas exploration and transportation, accelerating the rapid development of the pipeline sector.
Valin Xiangtan Steel | Jointly Establishment of National Engineering Research Center for
Case
Advanced Steel Materials with the Central Iron and Steel Research Institute
During the reporting period, Valin Xiangtan Steel
signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the
Central Iron & Steel Research Institute to jointly
establish the National Engineering Research Center
for Advanced Steel Materials. This collaboration will
strengthen bilateral cooperation in technological
research, scientific innovation, talent cultivation,
and achievement commercialization. It will further
leverage Valin Xiangtan Steel's industrial advantages
in the steel sector and the Institute's technological
innovation capabilities, facilitating continuous
breakthroughs in key generic steel technologies.
93 94
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Active Participation in Standardization Development Intelligent Manufacturing
Leveraging its distinctive strengths in advanced manufacturing processes, technological expertise, and standardized The company continues to accelerate the in-depth integration of product R&D, manufacturing, and service
systems, the company took a leading role in developing and revising 16 national and industry association standards model innovation with intelligence. It steadily promotes the construction of a number of digital and lean "smart"
during the reporting period, contributing to the enhancement of industry regulations and standards. production lines, workshops, and factories, continuously empowering the improvement of the company's operation
quality and efficiency. During the reporting period, the company implemented more than 40 digital and intelligent
projects and put into use 228 sets of various robots. In cooperation with a well-known communication equipment
No. Standard Name Standard Code Standard Type
manufacturer, it took the lead in deploying and completing the Pangu large model training center in the industry.
Currently, more than 100 application scenarios have been explored, and 32 of them have achieved results. The "Full
1 Cold-formed rectangular tubes for tower cranes GB/T 26080-2024 National standard
- process Cloud + AI Intelligent Factory for Medium and Heavy Plate Manufacturing" project of Valin Xiangtan Steel
was selected as an international-level excellent intelligent factory and won the award for an outstanding innovation
Determination of silicon content in iron and steel -Gravimetric
2 GB/T 223.60-2024 National standard
method case in artificial intelligence at the "Global Summit on the Good Use of Artificial Intelligence" in 2024. The intelligent
energy management and control platform of Valin Lianyuan Steel won the title of "Digital New Infrastructure in
3 Seamless steel tubes for large-volume gas cylinder GB/T 28884-2024 National standard Hunan Province in 2024", and the full - process quality control center won the title of "Benchmark Project for Digital
Transformation in Hunan Province under the 'Empowering Ten Thousand Enterprises with Intelligence' Initiative".
Precision seamless steel tubes for hydraulic cylinders of
4 GB/T 43898-2024 National standard Valin Hengyang Steel Tube was rated as a benchmark factory for "5G + Industrial Internet" in Hunan Province in 2024.
construction machinery
Petroleum and natural gas industries—Test procedures for
5 GB/T 21267-2024 National standard Valin Xiangtan Steel | Pioneering the Steel Industry's First AI Model
casing and tubing thread connections
In January 2024, Valin Xiangtan Steel completed the localized deployment of its proprietary AI steel model—the first
Full-scale tensile stress corrosion test method for casing and
6 GB/T 43925-2024 National standard large-scale AI model in the global steel industry. Designed to reduce costs, improve quality, and enhance efficiency,
tubing
the project addresses critical pain points in production through AI-driven solutions.
Ultrasonic testing method for pipe ends of seamless steel
7 GB/T 44152-2024 National standard
tubes The Pangu large-scale model of Valin Xiangtan Steel consists of a large-scale model base and a large-scale model
platform. The base part includes a resource scheduling platform, a data integration platform, and a Al basic platform.
8 Steel tubes—Dimensions, shapes, masses and tolerances GB/T 17395-2024 National standard
The large - scale model platform part includes a visual large - scale model and a predictive large-scale model. The
artificial intelligence large-scale model platform provides unified AI operation and management and can also serve
9 Hot-rolled rare-earth steel bars for reinforced concrete GB/T43665-2024 National standard
as a resource platform for the company's production, operation, and management needs, with a total computing
power of 5.8P. After the completion of the Pangu large-scale model for steel at Valin Xiangtan Steel, scenario - based
Technical specification for green design product
10 T/CISA 341-2024 Association Standard models can be developed based on the workflow development kit of the large-scale model platform to support the
assessment—Steel plates and strips for energy applications
intelligent construction of Valin Xiangtan Steel. The artificial intelligence large-scale model training center of Valin
Technical specification for green design product
Xiangtan Steel can be promoted on a large scale across the company.
11 assessment—High-strength steel plates and strips for T/CISA 344-2024 Association Standard
construction machinery Advancing Automation & Intelligent Transformation
Extra-thick ultra-high-strength steel plates for marine
12 T/SSEA 0381-2024 Association Standard
engineering The company mainly implemented the digital coal yard of the coking plant, the second phase of
the basic automation upgrade of phenol-cyanide water treatment, and the automation upgrade of
Acid-resistant wide and heavy steel plates for oil and gas
13 T/SSEA 0379-2024 Association Standard the cooling process in the north and south areas of the recycling system. Through the automation
transmission pipelines
upgrade, the on-site operation efficiency was improved.
Chromium-molybdenum alloy steel plates for hydrogenation
14 T/SSEA 0380-2024 Association Standard
equipment T/SSEA?0380-2024 Association Standard Promotes Unmanned Transformation Initiative
Steel industry—Technical requirements for full-process
The unmanned project of the No. 10 casting machine platform of the wide and thick plate plant was
15 individual tracking system in hot-rolled seamless steel tube T/CISA 418-2024 Association Standard
production implemented and extended to the No. 8 casting machine of the five-meter plate plant to realize the
unmanned operation of the continuous casting platform. The belt on the No. 4 blast furnace slot of the
16 Stainless steel and nickel alloy hollow ingots T/CISA 439-2024 Association Standard ironmaking plant and the oil depot of the high-line plant were implemented.
95 96
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Industrial Robot Deployment
Strengthen Lean Production Promoting Intelligent and Labor-
Management after Steelmaking Efficient Ironmaking Zones
The total number of new robots was 33 sets, mainly focusing on temperature measurement and
sampling, hanging signs, long water nozzles, inspections and other scenes. The robot occupancy rate
per thousand people reached 12‰, reaching the expected 8‰ target.
Build a lean production management platform, a By implementing digital solutions such as smart
digital twin platform, and a steel-rolling integrated stockyards, intelligent sintering systems, AI-
AI Model Platform Development
management and scheduling system after powered blast furnaces, and automated belt
steelmaking, implement planned values and daily conveyor monitoring systems, the ironmaking
The company successfully deployed the Pangu large model training center of steel; compiled the
cost accounting, etc., to help the company reduce zone is advancing towards greater intelligence and
Xiang Steel Intelligent Manufacturing Technical Specifications and Smart Manufacturing Governance
costs, increase efficiency, and improve quality reduced manpower dependency. Currently, the
Regulations, to promote the standardization of intelligent manufacturing implementation.
robot deployment density has reached 94 units
per 10,000 workers.
Valin Lianyuan Steel | Intelligence Boosts the Construction of the Product Quality System and the
Improvement of Operational Efficiency
Valin Lianyuan Steel continuously accelerates the transformation pace of steel intelligent manufacturing. Taking
digitalization, informatization, and intelligence as the implementation paths, through data - driven and model-
supported methods, it realizes autonomous decision-making and continuous optimization, and makes every effort to
build a smart steel plant with a modern industrial control system featuring "high efficiency, streamlining, integration,
and fewer workers". It has established an intelligent equipment operation and maintenance center, an intelligent
collaborative management and control center, and a cloud data center.
During the reporting period, Valin Lianyuan Steel's Smart Energy Management and Control Platform won the title of
"Hunan Province's Digital New Infrastructure in 2024", and the Full-process Quality Control Center received the title
of "Benchmark Project for Digital Transformation of Enterprises Empowered by Intelligence in Hunan Province". The
Valin Hengyang Steel Tube | Build a "5G + Industrial Internet" Benchmark Factory
Equipment Intelligent Operation and Maintenance System Construction Project won the titles of Informatization
Benchmark Project and Excellent Project among provincial state-owned supervised enterprises in 2024, achieving Valin Hengyang Steel has steadily promoted the transformation and upgrading of traditional industries and
intelligent manufacturing results. Meanwhile, the Quality Intelligent Management and Control Platform built based on promoted the intelligence of the production process. As early as 2018, Valin Hengyang Steel's "180 PQF Seamless
the integration of mechanism and big data won the second prize in the Hunan sub - competition area of the "Data Wants Steel Tubes Intelligent Factory Transformation was certified as a pilot demonstration project by the Ministry of
Numbers X" competition, and the Cold - rolling Lean Digital Production System won the honor of the 2024 Intelligent Industry and Information Technology", becoming the only national-level pilot demonstration project in the steel
Manufacturing Solution in the Iron and Steel Industry by the China Iron and Steel Association (Excellence Award in the Raw tube industry and taking the lead in building an intelligent manufacturing benchmark in the steel tube industry.
Materials (Iron and Steel) Industry Track of the 4th Intelligent Manufacturing Innovation Competition).
During the reporting period, the industrial Internet platform of the Steelmaking Plant of Valin Hengyang Steel
Tube was officially launched and put into operation. Based on the industrial Internet architecture and production
Build the First Integrated Full- Launch the Integrated Safety data, the platform is designed for electric furnace, refining, and continuous casting process units. It constructs an
process Quality Intelligent Control and Environmental Protection
intelligent manufacturing system featuring data integration, process collaboration, knowledge-driven operation,
Center in the Iron and Steel Industry Management System
and continuous iteration, replacing the traditional production mode that requires frequent manual intervention.
It also builds an integrated industrial Internet application platform for steelmaking. Meanwhile, several digital and
Relying on the existing quality control system Adopt advanced technologies such as the Internet, intelligent projects were put into use, such as the online intelligent inspection system for the hot-surface quality of
QMS , build the first integrated full-process 3d modeling, and vision Al to build a leading steel pipes in Plant 89, real-time pipe quantity calculation, the intelligent detection system for mandrel operation
quality intelligent control center in the iron and safety and environmental protection management status at Plant 180, the online temperature measurement system for casting machines, and the centralized control
steel industry, realize the consistent quality system integrating "organized emissions + system in the Ironmaking Plant. These advancements earned the company the title of 2024 Hunan Province "5G +
management horizontally and vertically, and build unorganized emissions + clean transportation + Industrial Internet" Benchmark Factory.
Valin Lianyuan, Steel's Quality Industrial Brain. daily management" among peers.
97 98
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
·Data middle platform
Hot-State Steel Pipe Surface Inspection ·Technology middle platform
·Business middle platform (Mathematical Principles, Compliance, Legal
Principles, Process Management)
Utilizes high-speed cameras to detect surface quality
Build VAMA's "Industrial Brain" with unified digital middle
defects on hot steel pipes in real time.
platforms to enable advanced manufacturing.
Intelligent Pipe Counting
Promote the Development of a Digital Twin Material Management Platform
Employs image recognition to automatically tally loaded steel
pipes, significantly improving operational efficiency.
Build a post-rolling warehouse digital twin
system. This system utilizes 3D dynamic
visualization to simulate real-time operations of
all transportation equipment (such as cranes,
Mandrel Intelligent Detection System ground conveyors, and transfer cars) within
the post-rolling warehouse area, as well as
Automatically identifies abnormalities through visual recognition real-time tracking of each steel coil's inbound,
and initiates emergency shutdowns to prevent mandrel ejection relocation, and outbound movements. Users
and rolling mill jams. can view transportation commands for each
vehicle, production schedules of various lines,
and detailed data of individual steel coils on the
3D interface. This not only reduces material loss
VAMA | Advancing Digital-Intelligent Transformation Initiatives
during coil transfers but also lowers the labor
intensity of warehouse personnel and mitigates
VAMA is actively driving smart manufacturing upgrades, continuously enhancing the integration of industrial and safety risks.
information technologies. Through the implementation of a comprehensive digital-intelligent transformation plan,
the company will optimize its existing IT infrastructure, streamline information system workflows, develop smart
manufacturing solutions, and Establish a 3-5 year digital-intelligent development strategy. These measures will
Promote the Development of a Standardized Unified Service Platform
provide robust support for VAMA's future growth.
VAMA Digital-Intelligence Strategy The "2+3" Implementation Strategy
Integrate with customer and supplier management systems. To actively support customer supply assurance and
quality control, a Standardized Unified Service Platform (abbreviated as EDI Platform) has been established. By
enabling seamless data connectivity with original
2 Advance the Big Data Analytics Platform for Supply Chain Manufacturing equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and downstream
processing partners, the platform facilitates
Advance the Big Data Analytics Platform for Decision Making shared data and information interoperability. This
enhances supply chain operational efficiency while
3 Smart Safety Smart Quality strengthening collaboration and synergy across the
Intelligent Equipment
Infrastructure Control supply chain. Currently, the EDI Platform supports
System Deployment
Development Development international standards (e.g., EDIFACT) and regional
(Vision + Sensor AI)
(Vision AI) (Database AI)
protocols (e.g., X12 in North America) and has been
Compute Power & AI Driving High-Quality Growth successfully integrated with multiple clients.
99 100
03
Green First
Sustainable
Development
Green is the foundation of sustainable development. Valin Steel has always regarded the protection of a green Green Environment Protection 95
homeland with clean skies and waters for the people as its unshirkable responsibility. The company has proposed
Low-Carbon Emission Reduction 100
and established guiding principles and objectives for high-quality green development, building a "City-Enterprise
Integration" development model. Adhering to the principle of "Ecological First, Green Development," Valin Steel
Circular Economy 114
advocates energy conservation, consumption reduction, and low-carbon emissions. Key initiatives including
conducting ultra-low emissions retrofits and efficiency improvements for critical processes such as blast furnaces, In-Depth Governance 128
steelmaking, sintering machines, and coking; enhancing energy self-recycling rates and reducing fossil fuel
consumption; advancing the development of "Garden-Style Factories and Open Factories" to integrate industrial Beautiful Ecology 135
operations with ecological harmony.
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Green Environment Protection
Environmental Compliance Management
Environmental Performance Management
The company proactively fulfills its environmental responsibilities, strictly complying with laws and regulations
includingE nvironmental Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, Emergency Management Measures In order to further clarify the environmental protection responsibilities of personnel at all levels, the company
for Sudden Environmental Incidents, etc. We have established a comprehensive environmental compliance has established an environmental protection management assessment system to ensure that the deployment,
management framework in accordance with ISO 14001 Environmental Management System requirements, ensuring responsibility, and implementation of environmental protection work are all in place. In addition, the company also
full-process coverage of environmental factor identification, impact assessment, preventive control, emergency includes the annual safety and environmental protection work goals in the performance assessment indicators of
response, and continuous improvement. The Company Proactively Undertakes Environmental Responsibilities. responsible persons, directly linking them to the performance of the management of each subsidiary.
The company strictly complies with laws and regulations such as theE nvironmental Protection Law of the People's
Republic of China and theE mergency Management Measures for Sudden Environmental Incidents. In alignment with
Valin Steel Environmental Protection Responsibility Management Principles
the ISO14001 Environmental Management System requirements, it has established a comprehensive environmental
compliance management framework. This framework ensures full-cycle coverage of environmental factors across
all operational activities, including identification, assessment, preventive control, emergency response, and
continuous improvement. To further standardize green development practices, the company has formulated
institutional policies such as theE nvironmental Protection Management Measures and the Contingency Plan for
Sudden Environmental Incidents. These policies regulate construction project environmental protection, waste
gas/water management, solid waste disposal, operation of environmental protection facilities, environmental
monitoring, emergency management, and performance evaluation. All subsidiaries - including Valin Xiangtan Steel,
Valin Lianyuan Steel, Valin Hengyang Steel Tube, VAMA, and Yangchun New Steel - maintain ISO 14001 certification,
Dual Leadership Dual-Role Multi- Source
demonstrating group-wide commitment to standardized green development practices.
Accountability Responsibility Stakeholder Control
Collaboration
During the reporting period, all construction projects of the company have prepared environmental impact reports
(forms) and received the approval of the local ecological environment authorities, obtaining approvals. All pollutant
discharge permits of pollutant-discharging units are within the validity period, effectively ensuring pollutant
discharge with permits and in a legal and compliant manner.
Valin Steel Green Development Principles and Goals
Environmental Performance Linked to Subsidiary Executive Compensation
The compensation structure for subsidiary management includes base salary, performance-based annual
salary, excess profit commission award, three-year term incentive, and special rewards and penalties.
Among them, theV alin Steel Environmental Protection Management Measures is an important part of
Actively advancing Achieve full compliance
the special rewards/penalties. To implement the environmental protection target responsibility of "full
cleaner production, with pollutant emission
Adhere to the principles and stable compliance of pollutant emissions and no sudden environmental incidents", the company
green manufacturing, standards and zero
of holistic management, implements an environmental protection responsibility system. Each year, the environmental protection
and circular economy environmental incidents,
pollution prevention, and responsibility system goals are included in the annual business plan and economic responsibility system
to achieve ultra-low fostering city-enterprise
continuous improvement for assessment. The main contents include compliance with national laws and regulations, implementation
emissions and carbon integration and green,
of central and local environmental protection policies, implementation of the company's various
reduction low-carbon development
environmental protection rules and regulations, and the environmental protection goals of responsible
units. Subsidiaries failing to meet these goals face penalties such as performance deductions and
organizational disciplinary actions for their management teams.
103 104
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
In recent years, Valin Steel has pioneered energy-saving, low-carbon development, transformed into an eco-friendly & resource-
Intelligent Environmental Protection Management
efficient steelmaker, achieved synergy between green development and high-quality growth. Subsidiaries Valin Xiangtan Steel,
Valin Lianyuan Steel, and Valin Hengyang Steel Tube were among China's first batch of steel enterprises certified under the Iron
and Steel Industry Standardization Requirements. Valin Xiangtan Steel., Yangchun New Steel, and VAMA have been included
The company is advancing the development of an intelligent environmental management platform, which
in the national-level "Green Factory" list, while Valin Lianyuan Steel and Valin Hengyang Steel Tube have been included in
establishes an integrated system for environmental operations, data management, and daily office workflows. This
the Hunan provincial-level "Green Factory" list. Yangchun New Steel has won the title of "National Environment - Friendly
platform connects all environment-related business processes. Empowers environmental management through
Enterprise" and has been continuously rated as a green - labeled "Environmentally - Compliant Enterprise" by the Guangdong
digitalization, informatization, and intelligent technologies, which enable scientific decision-making, precision
Provincial Department of Ecology and Environment. Valin Xiangtan Steel has successfully established a "National 3A - level
environmental management, and targeted emission control, drives innovation by digitizing operations and
Tourist Scenic Area", sharing a beautiful ecological environment with the city.
transforming environmental governance. As a key initiative in the company's green transformation, this platform
enhances efficiency and sustainability across all environmental management activities.
During the reporting period, in response to the national ultra-low emissions initiative and the call to "win the battle
against pollution", the Company continued to increase environmental investments, comprehensively advanced
Currently, the integrated platform for ultra - low emission management, control, and treatment of Valin Lianyuan
ultra-low emission upgrades and efficiency improvement initiatives, and reduced pollutant emissions. Yangchun
Steel has been put into use. Valin Xiangtan Steel and Valin Hengyang Steel Tube are accelerating the construction
New Steel has completed full-process ultra-low emission retrofits and published its evaluation and monitoring
of a real-time environmental protection control platform, which will enable real - time control of important
results. Concurrently, the Company accelerated its green and low-carbon transition by formulating a "Carbon Peak
environmental protection management information such as organized and unorganized emission sources, emission
and Carbon Neutrality Action Plan", which outlines clear targets, pathways, key initiatives, and support measures for
information of vehicles entering and leaving the factory, and operation of environmental protection facilities, greatly
achieving carbon peak and neutrality. Valin Xiangtan Steel released Environmental Product Declaration (EPD) reports
improving the level of environmental management.
for three product categories: thick steel plates, wire rods, and hot-formed bars. Valin Lianyuan Steel published
EPD reports for cold-rolled steel sheets & strips, continuous hot-dip galvanized steel sheets & strips, and hot-rolled
steel sheets & strips. The Company actively addressed downstream industries' (e.g., automotive, construction
Valin Lianyuan Steel | Regulations the integrated platform for ultra-low emission
machinery) lightweighting and emission reduction needs, delivering a broader portfolio of high-end products and Case
management, control, and treatment of Valin Lianyuan Steel is put into use
lightweight solutions to support customers' energy-saving and emission-reduction goals. Furthermore, the Company
strengthened low-carbon collaboration with industry leaders such as ArcelorMittal, Vale, FMG, and Messer, while Valin Lianyuan Steel uses advanced technologies such as the Internet of Things, 3D digital modeling, and
continuously exploring innovative decarbonization approaches and next-generation metallurgical technologies. vision Al to create a leading safety and environmental protection management system integrating "organized
emissions + unorganized emissions + clean transportation + daily management" among its peers.
In October 2024, Valin Lianyuan Steel officially launched and operationalized the Environment, Health
Key Performance
& Safety Management System. With a total investment of 30 million RMB, the system enables integrated
ultra-low emission management covering monitoring, control, and mitigation, significantly enhancing the
3.9
company's digital environmental governance capabilities.
In 2024, the company invested billion RMB in environmental protection.
Zero sudden environmental incidents and incurring no environmental penalties.
Yangchun New Steel VAMA Valin Xiangtan Steel
& Valin Lianyuan
Steel
Completed the full Successfully established
process ultra-low emission Grade A environmental
renovation and the performance. Selected for the cultivation
publicity of assessment list of the "Dual-Carbon Best
and monitoring results. Practice Energy-Efficiency
Benchmark Demonstration
Plant".
105 106
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Promotion of environmental protection awareness Low-carbon Emission Reduction
The company formulates an annual learning and training plan around the theme of "Green Valin". Internally, it organizes
training on basic environmental protection knowledge, including newly issued policies during the reporting period such as Addressing Climate Change
theM easures for the Administration of Pollution Discharge Permits, theI nterim Regulations on the Administration of Carbon
Emission Trading, and theG uidelines for Carbon Emission Accounting in the Iron and Steel Industry, as well as professional Facing the current high level of attention to the risks and opportunities of climate change in the international
training on knowledge related to solid waste disposal, carbon emission management, and pollution discharge permits, to context, the company actively responds to the national call to achieve "Carbon Peak by 2030 and Carbon Neutrality
cultivate and improve the environmental risk prevention and environmental protection awareness of each employee. At the by 2060" and proactively addresses climate change. The company has actively identified and analyzed the risks and
same time, it accepts environmental protection supervision and suggestions from all sectors of society. opportunities related to climate change that affect the company, and formulated climate risk management methods
and response measures to enhance the company's adaptability to climate change. It provides guidance for future
technological applications, product innovation, and operational model optimization in the green and low-carbon
Case Valin Xiangtan Steel | Conducts environmental protection publicity activities field. It also outlines the company's work on "governance", "strategy", "risk management", and "indicators and
targets" related to climate change with reference to the recommended disclosure framework of the Task Force on
During the reporting period, Valin Xiangtan Steel aligned Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).
with its dual-carbon goal, ultra-low emissions targets, and
green manufacturing objectives to organize the "2024 World
Environment Day (June 5)" campaign series. Key activities
Climate Identification
included environmental protection banners, slogans, and
promotional balloons were displayed at the main entrance
and green plazas of Valin Xiangtan Steel around June 5th.
Climate change is a global issue related to the community with a shared future for mankind and a major challenge
Special Feature in Xiang Steel News (June 1): a dedicated
for human sustainable development in the 21st century. Actively addressing climate change and firmly pursuing
section highlighted Valin Xiangtan Steel's achievements in
green and low-carbon development are the keys to the transformation, upgrading, and high-quality development
environmental management and pollution control. Valin
of the steel industry. The company identifies and analyzes the possible impacts of climate change-related risks
Xiangtan Steel's TV station and digital platforms broadcasted
and opportunities on the company's business development through policy research, peer benchmarking, and in
documentaries and reports showcasing its pollution
combination with expert opinions, and formulates targeted response measures.
mitigation efforts.
Case VAMA | Open to external supervision
During the reporting period, to synchronize the ecological environment with the community and share
the environmental achievements with the residents of the surrounding communities, VAMA held an
environmental protection publicity event titled "Beautiful VAMA, I'm an Activist". A total of 10 resident
representatives from the surrounding Gaoqiao and Chengqing communities were invited to participate in
this event. They visited the company's production workshop and wastewater discharge outlets throughout
the process, learned about the company's production process, the treatment process of pollutants, and
the treatment effects. Through this event, the surrounding
residents understood the significance of waste classification,
the treatment methods of waste gas and wastewater, and
the process disposal procedures. It played a positive role
in helping them understand and support the company's
environmental protection work and then spreading the
message to other surrounding residents.
107 108
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Risk/Opportunity Potential Risk/Opportunity Potential
Potential Impact Coping Measures Potential Impact Coping Measures
Type Financial Impact Type Financial Impact
Under the constraints of the national goals of "carbon
A carbon neutrality roadmap has
peak" and "carbon neutrality", the environmental Closely combine the characteristics
been formulated, and investments The demand from customers for green and low-carbon
protection department has increased the supervision of of market demand in the region
are being made in accordance with steel products is gradually increasing. The company
pollution control in the steel industry. Steel enterprises where the company is located and
four key tasks: ultimate energy has carried out product carbon footprint certification,
have seen an increase in environmental protection Operating Revenue ↓ the needs of strategic customers.
Policies, efficiency, process optimization, environmental product declaration certification, etc.,
investment and operating costs and are facing greater Operating Costs ↑ Implement extended processing
Laws and technological innovation, and which can improve customer recognition. The demand
environmental protection challenges. At the same time, Credit Risk ↑ of low-carbon steel, increase the
Regulations collaborative carbon reduction to Products and for products in fields such as high - performance thick Operating Revenue ↑
the EU Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism (CBAM) supply volume and quality of low-
ensure that the company reaches its Services plates, hot-rolled steel, and silicon steel required Credit Risk ↓
has come into effect, and the steel industry will soon be carbon products, and promote the
carbon peak before 2030 and strives for wind, solar, hydro, and nuclear power, as well as
included in the national carbon market. The company development and application of low
to achieve carbon neutrality before UHV power transmission and distribution systems,
will face pressures such as rising carbon prices and - carbon emission steel materials
2060. is growing rapidly, which will bring new market
increased carbon compliance costs in the future. with high performance, high weather
opportunities to the company's operation and open up
L fa o c w to -c rs a r s b u o c n h t a e s c t h e n c o h l n o o g l i o e g s i a ca re l b re a s r t r r ie ic r t s e , d p r b o y d m uc u t l i t o ip n l e co sts, Research and track the application new growth space for the company. r c e y s c i l s e t . ance, etc. throughout the life
of new low-carbon metallurgical
and key components. In the current context of carbon
Technological Operating Revenue ↓ technologies, keep abreast of the
peaking and carbon neutrality, if the company fails to
Risk R&D Investment ↑ latest technological progress and
break through specific low-carbon technologies in a
application status, and make relevant
timely manner, it will bring certain negative risks to the
technological reserves.
company's operations and business.
Promote energy conservation and
As the domestic steel demand enters a plateau period, Continuously pay attention to Carry out work such as energy efficiency improvement carbon reduction through extreme
d tr r e iv n e d n o b f y th t e h e e n g t r i e r e e n in a d n u d s t lo ri w al - c c h a a r i b n o , t n h d e e m ve a l r o k p e m t d e e n m t and Operating Revenue ↓ t o h f e k e c y a r i b n o d n u s r t e r d ie u s c d ti o o w n n n s e t e re d a s m E R ffi es c o ie u n rc c e y a co n n d s p e r r o v m at o io t n e a re n s d o u ca rc rb e o re n c r y e c d li u n c g t i t o o n a a c n h d ie r v e e d e u n c e e r gy Operating Costs ↓ e im ne p r r g o y v e e m ffi e c n ie t n o c f y s a e n lf d - c g o e n n t e i r n a u te o d u s
Market Risk for green and low - carbon steel products will increase Credit Risk ↑ of the industrial chain such as operating costs. power from comprehensive resource
significantly, and market competition will become more the automotive and machinery utilization.
industries, and continuously
intense. If the greening process is too slow, it may lead
strengthen the market layout of
to a reduction in the company's market share.
green steel products.
Risk
Opportunity
Actively respond to the requirements
Stakeholders' identification of climate risks and the Operating Revenue ↓
of stakeholders regarding climate
Reputation public's concern about the company's measures to Operating Costs ↑ Research on self-building or jointly
change response; regularly disclose
Risk address climate change may bring reputation risks to Credit Risk ↑ building distributed photovoltaic
sustainability reports to address the
the company's operations. power generation and biomass
concerns of all stakeholders. Apply renewable energy, purchase green electricity,
energy projects. Increase the
etc., to increase the proportion of renewable energy
Energy Source Operating Costs ↓ proportion of purchased green
application and reduce the company's energy
electricity in a timely manner
expenditure.
according to the company's
development situation to reduce
Extreme weather events such as extreme precipitation,
carbon emission intensity.
freezing, and typhoons will affect the normal
operation of infrastructure and equipment, product
Acute Physical
transportation, and supplier deliveries. As a result, the
Risk
company may be involved in issues such as contract
breaches, compensation, and legal liabilities due to
business interruptions. Develop an emergency management
Operating Revenue ↓
plan for extreme natural disasters;
Operating Costs ↑ promote the assessment of supplier Research and track the application
Fixed Asset Value ↓ sustainable development to reduce of new low-carbon metallurgical
risks in the supply chain. Carrying out research on climate-change-related technologies, carry out collaboration
businesses and industry exchanges is conducive to Operating Revenue ↑ in the green industrial chain,
Long-term natural pattern changes such as sea-level Resilience improving the company's ability to cope with climate Credit Risk ↓ deepen exchanges and cooperation
Chronic rise and persistent high-temperature drought may risks and seize climate opportunities, and enhancing with upstream and downstream
Physical Risk affect the company's normal production. the brand image of fulfilling social responsibilities. enterprises in the supply chain,
and carry out collaborative carbon
reduction.
109 110
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Dual Carbon Strategy Carbon Reduction Path
Path Key tasks
Under the national "Dual Carbon" policy goals, the company actively responds to relevant policies and
Optimize Adjust the
environmental protection requirements, practices the concept of low-carbon development, accelerates the pace of Apply Adopt
Improve raw material blast furnace
process intelligent
green and low-carbon transformation, and continuously enhances its "low-carbon competitiveness". The company energy Adopt high- resources burden
Extreme energy- information- Increase the
systematically reviews the total carbon emissions of the enterprise, formulates the "Action Plan for Carbon Peak processing efficiency to ensure structure and
energy saving and based proportion of
and power-saving low-carbon use a large
and Carbon Neutrality", clearly puts forward the time goals for achieving carbon peak and carbon neutrality, efficiency carbon- management scrap steel
conversion technologies development proportion
plans a series of key tasks and measures, and formulates a coordinated action plan for its major steel - producing reducing and control
efficiency from the of pellet ore/
technologies technologies
subsidiaries. During the reporting period, Valin Xiangtan Steel and Valin Lianyuan Steel were included in the list of source lump ore
enterprises cultivating the "Dual Carbon Best Practice Energy Efficiency Benchmark Demonstration Plants" in the Low-carbon
industry, and their green development image has taken on a new look. transportation Promote the application of
Process Reform and upgrade Extend the industrial
inside and green electricity short-process
optimization existing equipment chain
outside the technologies
目标指引
plant
The company has formulated phased carbon reduction goals for carbon neutrality: achieving carbon peak before Develop and produce green
Technological Apply new low-carbon
products throughout the life Apply CCS/CCUS technologies
2030, reducing carbon emissions by 39% compared with the peak value in 2040, reducing carbon emissions by 65% innovation metallurgical technologies
cycle
in 2050, and striving to achieve carbon neutrality before 2060.
Self-build or jointly build
Collaborative Resource recycling, Increase the Carry out carbon
distributed photovoltaic
carbon pollution reduction purchase of green management and carbon
Before 2030 2040 power generation and
reduction and carbon reduction electricity sequestration
biomass energy projects
39
Carbon Peak
Carbon reduction by %
Case VAMA | Formulates a Dual Carbon Strategy
2050 Before 2060
VAMA responds to climate change, adhering to the corporate spirit of "One Team, One Dream". Through
65 5 scientific, reasonable, and sustainable development goals, it accelerates the process of green and low-
carbon development. Guided by the "Dual Carbon Goal Plan", it seizes the opportunity of capacity
Carbon reduction by % Carbon reduction by % striv e to
upgrading in the steel industry, correctly interprets policies and regulations, avoids financial risks, takes
achieve carbon neutrality
the utilization and development of green and low - carbon new energy as the development path, is user -
demand - oriented, solves users' pain points, continuously optimizes products and services, and improves
customer satisfaction.
Aligning with the company's long-term goal of "reaching carbon peak by 2030 and achieving carbon
neutrality by 2060", based on its own development advantages and characteristics, VAMA has set "Dual
Carbon" goals higher than the company's overall requirements and the industry average, that is, to reach
carbon peak by 2030 and strive to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050. Following the set " Dual Carbon"
goals, VAMA has further refined and formulated medium- and long-term carbon reduction goals for carbon
neutrality:
50
By 2030, carbon emission intensity will be reduced by % compared to 2018.
111 112
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Case Valin Xiangtan Steel | Formulating a Carbon Reduction Action Plan
Valin Xiangtan Steel has established more ambitious "Dual Carbon" targets that exceed both corporate-wide
During the reporting period, VAMA completed the carbon verification ISO 14064 certification; successfully
requirements and industry averages, aligning with the company's vision of "achieving carbon peak by 2030
completed the construction of the photovoltaic Phase I project. The total area of the project is about
and carbon neutrality by 2060". Building on its unique developmental advantages, the company aims to
2500〖 m〗^2, and the total installed capacity of the construction scale is 16MWp. It adopts the power
reach carbon peak by 2027 and achieve carbon neutrality by 2060. During this period, from 2028-2040 the
consumption model of "self-generation for self-use, and surplus power fed into the grid". After the project
total carbon emissions will be reduced by about 36% compared with the peak, and from 2041 to 2050, the
reaches full production, it is expected to generate an annual power of 12.59 million kWh. By 2030, it is
total carbon emissions will be reduced by about 63% compared with the peak.
expected to save a cumulative total of 60 million kWh of electricity, helping to reduce the carbon emission
intensity by 7.2 kgCO2/t-s . Action measures include:
23.6 Extreme Energy Efficiency Improvement
As of the end of 2024, a % reduction target
Through the application of in-depth energy-saving technologies and the upgrading and transformation of
has been achieved. equipment, achieve refined energy management, fully recover waste heat and residual energy, and achieve
extreme energy efficiency across the entire system.
Resource Recycling
Reuse secondary resources that generated from the steel production process, such as solid, liquid, and gas,
as well as the scrap steel generated in society through efficient steel recycling.
Process Optimization and Innovation
Based on the existing processes and equipment, adjust and optimize the raw material structure, process
structure, and energy-using structure, innovate the steel manufacturing process, and improve process
efficiency.
Indicator Unit 2018 2019 2,020 2021 2022 2023 2024 Breakthrough in Smelting Process
Absolute Breaking free from the traditional processes and equipment constraints and seeking transformative
10,000
emissions (Scope 12.20 16.92 19.16 20.83 19.85 25.23 27.09 innovation in key technologies, these are the keys to the company's rapid carbon reduction in the medium-
tons COe2
1 and Scope 2)
and long-term.
Product Iteration and Upgrade
Target for Target reduction from 2018 Emissions reduced as of
Indicator Unit 2018 Based on the full-life-cycle assessment of steel products, develop green steel products with higher
2030 to 2030 2024
performance, enabling steel materials to have higher strength, wear resistance, and corrosion resistance,
Emissions per and extending the service life of steel products.
ton of steel tCOe2/t-s 0.203 0.100 50% 23.6%
products
Capture, Storage, and Utilization
Separate carbon dioxide from steel manufacturing emission sources and store, solidify, or utilize it in
a resource-efficient and cost-effective manner. Conduct relevant theoretical research on aspects such
as CO2 cyclic enrichment, low-energy-consumption absorbents, carbon capture processes of different
technical routes, CO2 resource utilization, large-scale CO2 transportation and storage, etc., achieve key
technological breakthroughs, and build pilot demonstration projects. Before 2030, actively explore the
ways, technologies, and methods of CO2 resource utilization, continuously conduct follow-up research on
CCS/CCUS technologies, keep abreast of the latest technological progress and application status, and make
technological preparations.
113 114
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Risk Response Capability Building Low-Carbon Development Practices
Measures Carry out EPD (Environmental Product Declaration) Certification
Improve the Management Structure
During the reporting period, the company and its major steel subsidiaries actively assumed social
Aligned with China's "Dual Carbon" policy objectives, the company has proactively implemented environmental
responsibilities, responded to the needs of society and downstream customers, actively disclosed the
regulations and low-carbon development strategies, accelerated green transition initiatives, and strengthened its
environmental performance information of relevant products, and issued green certification reports for
"low-carbon competitive" in steel production. The company conducted group-wide carbon footprint assessment,
multiple products. For instance, in April 2024, Valin Xiangtan Steel issued the Environmental Product
formulated theC arbon Peak & Neutrality Action Plan, specifying clear timeline targets for achieving carbon peak and
Declaration (EPD) reports for three products: heavy plates, wire rods, and hot-formed bars. In December
carbon neutrality, key implementation measures, and subsidiary-specific action plans for major production bases.
2024, Valin Lianyuan Steel issued the Environmental Product Declaration (EPD) reports for three products:
continuous hot-dip galvanized coated steel sheets and strips, cold - rolled steel sheets and strips, and hot-
rolled steel sheets and strips.
Conduct Capacity Training
The EPD report document the energy consumption, carbon emissions, and environmental impacts during
To further improve the company's carbon management ability, strengthen the understanding of the dual-carbon
steel production process. It can help downstream enterprises obtain accurate environmental information
work and the comprehension of policy requirements among employees at all levels, during the reporting period,
of upstream steel materials and achieve green procurement. It will also support the company's subsequent
the company organized a special training program on carbon management capacity. Industry experts were invited
environmental performance assessment of products throughout their life cycles and contribute to the
to conduct special training for the leaders, relevant department staff, and technical personnel of the company and
construction of a green and low-carbon steel industry chain. In addition, during the reporting period, Valin
its major steel-producing subsidiaries in multiple trending areas such as international carbon tariffs, carbon asset
Hengyang Steel Tube also obtained the carbon footprint certification certificates for S355J0H/S355J2H
management, and product carbon footprint accounting.
fine-grained structural steel pipes and 34CrMo4/37Mn seamless steel pipes for gas cylinders, as well as the
green product and LCA (Life Cycle Assessment) certification certificates for casings and tubing for oil and gas
exploitation.
Enhancing External Collaboration
EPD Platform Release Process Flowchart
The company adopts an open and inclusive approach, actively leveraging external low-carbon resources to
strengthen climate risk partnerships. During the reporting period, we engaged with industry associations,
enterprises, and academic institutions to evaluate emission reduction technologies in terms of feasibility and
economic viability, deepen policy and technical research and identify the industry development opportunities.
Organization EPD LCA EPD Independent EPD
Registration Application Compilation Verification Registration
EPD application, after an EPD applicant submits the application, the total
process takes approximately 80 working days, under the circumstances that
the applicant provide complete and accurate production process data, and the
platform-recommended professional LCA service team conducts the lifecycle
assessment (LCA) analysis.
EPD Applicant Independent Verifier EPD Platform
115 116
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Assist Downstream Customers in Lightweight Emission Reduction
Guided by the national "Dual Carbon" strategy, the company actively pays attention to the lightweight emission
reduction needs of downstream industries such as the automotive, engineering machinery, and shipbuilding
industries, and provides them with more diverse lightweight solutions. With advanced product technologies, it helps
downstream customers reduce their carbon footprint, optimize manufacturing processes, and achieve emission
reduction throughout the life cycle.
VAMA | High-Quality Automotive Steel Products and Technical Solutions Lead Lightweight
Case
Emission Reduction in the Chinese Automotive Industry
The automotive manufacturing industry is a pillar industry of the Chinese economy, with a large economic
scale, a long industrial chain, and a wide range of involvements. It plays a driving role in the development of
upstream and downstream industries of the automotive industry, such as the steel, petroleum, machinery
manufacturing, and finance industries. In 2024, China's automobile production and sales reached 31.28
million and 31.44 million vehicles respectively, with year-on-year growth of 3.7% and 4.5% respectively,
ranking first in the world for 16 consecutive years. The production and sales of new energy vehicles
reached 12.89 million and 12.87 million vehicles respectively, with year-on-year growth of 34.4% and 35.5%
respectively, ranking first in the world for 10 consecutive years, and the market penetration rate exceeded
Valin Xiangtan Steel Environmental Declaration Report (Heavy Plate, Wire Rod, Hot-Formed Bar)
40% for the first time. The automobile exports exceeded 6.41 million vehicles, and both the quantity and
value of China's automobile exports ranked first in the world. With the continuous contribution of the
electrification transformation and the increase in exports, China's automobile production and sales are
expected to continue to maintain stable growth in the future.
Driven by both technology and environmental awareness, the automotive manufacturing industry is
entering a green and high efficiency new era. Driven by the "Dual Carbon" strategic goal, automobile
manufacturers are urgently in need of materials with both high strength and lightweight characteristics to
achieve energy conservation and emission reduction, which is exactly the advantage of VAMA's products
and solutions. As a leading domestic supplier of high-end automotive steel, since its commissioning in
2014, VAMA has been committed to providing leading high-quality automotive steel products and technical
solutions such as ultra-high-strength steel and hot-formed steel with aluminum-silicon coating to meet
market demand. Through continuous innovation in lightweight solutions, it helps new energy vehicles
address the battery range challenge, reduces the carbon emissions of fuel vehicles, and achieves a reduction
in the carbon footprint throughout the vehicle's life cycle.
Since the official commissioning of VAMA Phase II Project, the application of ArcelorMittal's Multi-part
Integration Solution ™ and innovative S-in Motion® EV Solutions has enabled the provision of advanced
lightweight solutions across multiple technical dimensions, including strength grade optimization,
formability enhancement, coating combination innovation. These include multi-part integration solutions
Valin Lianyuan Steel Environmental Declaration Report (Continuous Hot-Dip Galvanized Coated Steel Sheets and
such as the thermoformed laser-welded integrated rear body frame and inner-outer double door rings, as
Strips, Cold-Rolled Steel Sheets and Strips, Hot-Rolled Steel Sheets and Strips)
well as lightweight solutions for pure electric vehicles such as steel battery packs, accelerating the iterative
upgrade in the field of new energy vehicle manufacturing and contributing to the sustainable development
of China's automotive manufacturing industry.
117 118
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Valin Lianyuan Steel | Super Weathering Steel Helps Lightweight and Emission Reduction of
Case
Offshore Wind and Photovoltaic Power Bases
During the reporting period, leveraging its extensive expertise and innovative capabilities in hot-forming
steel technology, VAMA partnered with Benteler and GONVVAMA to successfully develop an ultra-large hot-
Guided by the national "Dual Carbon" goal, the steel industry bears the important responsibility of energy
formed dual door ring system (inner+outer). This milestone represents significant progress in the innovative
conservation, emission reduction, and green transformation. Valin Lianyuan Steel has adapted to the
application of hot-forming technology for automotive safety structures, enabling carbon emission reduction
requirements of the development of new productive forces in the new era, continuously increasing the
while effectively enhanced drivers and passengers' safety. Compared with traditional designs, VAMA's
green and low-carbon products R&D, and launched green and low-carbon products such as high-strength,
integrated thermoformed single door ring solution can achieve a weight reduction of approximately 9%,
lightweight, reduced-quantity, weathering steel, and steel for new energy.
while the thermoformed inner-outer double door rings jointly developed by the three parties this time
easily achieve a weight reduction effect of at least 16%. Additionally, the development costs for tooling and Valin Lianyuan Steel has a full-range of super weathering steel products with tensile strength level
molds, welding expenses, and labor costs have been significantly reduced. Furthermore, the footprint of the 420MPa800MPa . The hot-rolled steel coils are available in products with a thickness of 1.512.0 mm and
final assembly line has been optimized, enhancing space efficiency. a width of 9002000 mm. Since 2017, Lianyuan Steel initiated R&D on super weathering steel and supplied
the steel for the Zangmu Bridge project on the Lhasa-Nyingchi Railway in 2018. As of the end of the reporting
period, Valin Lianyuan Steel has supplied more than 50,000 tons of Grade 700 - 800MPa super weathering
New Breakthroughs in Multi-Component Integration
steel, specifically for photovoltaic mounting systems. Currently, Valin Lianyuan Steel can provide an overall
green photovoltaic support solution covering material design, structural optimization, and processing and
forming. It has formed a complete industrial chain from the production of steel for photovoltaic supports to
the deep-processing and distribution of supports, which can cover most domestic and foreign photovoltaic
construction bases.
The 850,000-kilowatt photovoltaic power generation project of Huaneng Binzhou is the third-batch of large-
scale wind and photovoltaic base construction project in China. It is the first approved photovoltaic project
using sea area after the promulgation of the national marine three-dimensional rights confirmation policy,
and also the new energy base project with the largest capacity currently under construction by Huaneng
Shandong Company. This project utilizes the coastal beach resources and adopts the "fishery-photovoltaic
The ultra-large thermoformed inner-outer double door Mr. Lakshmi Mittal, Executive Chairman of ArcelorMittal, complementarity" and "salt-photovoltaic complementarity" models, which have high requirements for
rings have mass production capabilities and Mr. Li Jianyu, Chairman of Valin Steel, jointly
the selection of photovoltaic support materials. It not only requires high corrosion resistance in C4 and
witnessed the delivery of 10 million door rings at the
"New Chapter Commencement Ceremony" in Loudi above environments but also zero pollution to water quality. To ensure that the support materials meet the
requirements, the Valin Lianyuan Steel IPD team stationed at the project site to understand the customer's
needs and coordinated all parties' efforts to urgently arrange the production of the LGNS700AW steel grade,
ensuring the project was connected to the grid for power generation on schedule. This steel grade is suitable
for C4 and above environments, and the supply thickness range of the LGNS700AW product is 1.5-12.0mm.
Through the design of special components, the LGNS700AW ensures that the matrix has good corrosion
- resistance in C4 and above environments and can be used without painting for 25 years. By refining the
microstructure through the rolling process, it ensures excellent processing performance, which not only
meets the power generation requirements but also allows for underwater aquaculture at the same time,
truly achieving the goal of green and low-carbon.
VAMA & GONVVAMA Tech "Solution" Roadshow launches in Shanghai and Beijing, focusing on multi-component
integration to redefine lightweight body manufacturing models Valin Lianyuan Steel received official appreciation letter from the client for supplying its marine-grade super weathering
steel to the 850MW Huaneng Binzhou Photovoltaic Project
119 120
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Hualing Xiangtan Iron and Steel Co., Ltd.'s hydrogen - blended and hydrogen - transporting
Case Circular Economy
pipeline steel helps achieve long - distance hydrogen transportation
The utilization of hydrogen energy is crucial for achieving the "Dual Carbon" goal and is an important
strategy for China to promote green development. Currently, road transportation is the mainstream Energy Management
method for long-distance hydrogen transportation in China, with high costs and low efficiency, which
restricts the development of the industrial chain. Hydrogen pipelines can achieve large-scale and long-
The company continuously strengthens energy management to improve the precision and efficiency of energy
distance hydrogen transportation, and the cost is less than one fifth of road transportation. However, due
management. In recent years, the company has continuously increased its investment in the high-efficiency recovery
to restriction issues such as the lack of domestic hydrogen compatibility testing equipment, the absence
and utilization technologies of secondary energy, which are key national promotion technologies such as coke dry
of unified standard specifications for test operations, and inconsistent understandings of hydrogen
quenching, top gas recovery turbine (TRT), sintering waste heat power generation, post-steel waste heat power
embrittlement theory among industry experts, large-scale application of pure hydrogen transportation has
generation, combined cycle power plant (CCPP), ultra-high-pressure and high-temperature power generation,
not been achieved.
sub-critical power generation, and super-critical power generation. It has improved the energy-saving level in the
production and operation process through a series of measures such as equipment transformation and technological
During the reporting period, Valin Xiangtan Steel leveraged its integrated "plate + pipe" R&D capabilities
improvement. Currently, the company has reached the advanced level in the industry in terms of high-efficiency
to successfully develop hydrogen-blended transmission line pipe steel using submerged arc welding
recovery and utilization of secondary energy such as waste heat, residual energy, and waste gas (steam) for power
technology. The process designed a variety of composition comparison tests and carried out trial production
generation.
with different rolling and pipe-making processes. This achievement positions the company among China's
few steelmakers capable of mass-producing such advanced materials, providing critical technical support
During the reporting period, the company intensified its secondary energy recovery and utilization efforts,
for large-scale, cost-effective long-distance hydrogen transportation in China.
significantly boosting self-generated power output to 9.66682 billion kWh. This achievement translates to 1.1 million
tons of standard coal saved annually, and over 2.8 million tons of CO emissions reduced. Valin Xiangtan Steel and
Valin Lianyuan Steel were selected for the industry's "Dual Carbon Best Practices – Energy Efficiency Benchmark
Demonstration Plant" cultivation program.
During the reporting period, the company's self-generated power is as follows:
Energy types Unit 2024 2023 2022
Self-generated
10,000 kWh 966,682 922,286 890,546
electricity
121 122
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
xtreme Energy Efficiency Management
Case Valin Hengyang Steel | Strengthens Energy Management
The company has adopted extreme energy efficiency as a strategic lever, targeting industry-leading benchmarks
Improve the Energy Management Structure
while maintaining an energy cost-driven approach. Guided by principles of lean control, system integration, and
Valin Hengyang Steel Tube has established an Energy Management Office led by the company's deputy process optimization, it launched Extreme Efficiency Production Line Competitions to drive benchmark compliance.
general manager in the Equipment Engineering Department as a permanent energy management Key equipment, including blast furnaces, coke ovens, and converters, has achieved top-tier energy performance in
institution. It is fully responsible for the organization, supervision, inspection, analysis, energy assessment, the industry. During the reporting period, Valin Xiangtan Steel and Valin Lianyuan Steel applied for and were selected
energy metering management, and internal and external energy coordination of the company's daily as the 3rd batch "Dual-Carbon Best Practice Benchmarking Model Plants" by the China Iron and Steel Association.
energy management. Each department and branch factory is equipped with full-time (or part-time) energy
3,200m³ Blast Furnace was recognized as a "Top
staff. The work idea of "relying on technology and management, steadily promoting energy conservation
Performer" in the national energy conservation
and emission reduction, and building a resource-saving and environment-friendly enterprise" has been
competition for large-scale steelmaking equipment,
established.
and 360m² Sintering Machine has been awarded
"Innovation Leader" for breakthrough energy-saving
Improve the Energy Measurement Standards
performance.
Valin Hengyang Steel Tube obtained national Measurement Management System certification in January
2009, meanwhile was recognized as qualified under the General Requirements for Energy Measurement
Equipment Allocation and Management in Energy-Consuming Units. Over the past few years, the company Process-Specific Energy & Carbon Reduction Technologies
has gradually improved the Three-Tier energy management system. The equipping and management
systems of Level 1 & Level 2 energy-using metering instruments can meet the requirements of the General
Completely complete the construction of a smart material yard, that is to build a smart
Requirements for Energy Measurement Equipment Allocation and Management in Energy-Consuming Units
Raw material material yard integrating continuous and efficient processes and equipment, closed
and the equipping of Level 3 energy metering instruments is also being improved.
yard storage technology, raw material mixing technology, and digital and intelligent control
technology.
Improve the Assessment of Energy-Saving Indicators Increase the recovery and utilization of waste heat and energy. Fully equip with coke
oven riser waste heat recovery devices to recover the waste heat of coke oven flue gas;
Valin Hengyang Steel Tube has established a company-level energy management network. Each major Coking process apply negative pressure distillation technology and build a supporting intelligent heating
control system; actively track a batch of coking energy-saving and low-carbon innovation
energy-using department, energy production department, and energy management department
technologies.
undertakes energy consumption indicators, which are linked to employees' salary income. The company
has formulated systems such as the Production Scheduling Regulations & Assessment Methods, Financial Adopt the ultra-high thick material layer sintering process, add fuel pre-screening (multi-
frequency screen -C) in the fuel crushing process; strengthen the mixture granulation
Cost Management Evaluation Procedures and Detailed Energy Management Assessment. Corresponding Sintering
technology, control the air leakage of the sintering machine seal, and use the waste heat
planned indicators for energy consumption of each branch factory are set according to the economic process
utilization of the sintering machine and circular cooler flue gas, energy-saving ignition
responsibility system, included in the cost evaluation, and assessed and analyzed monthly.
technology, and oxygen-enriched sintering, etc.
Adopt intelligent stove - burning technology for hot blast stoves, dehumidifying blast
Enhancing Energy Conservation Inspections technology for blast furnaces, one - key injection technology, big data intelligent control
Ironmaking
technology for blast furnaces, waste heat recovery technology for slag flushing water,
process
Valin Hengyang Steel Tube has further strengthened the inspection mechanism for energy conservation oxygen - enriched large - injection technology, waste heat recovery technology for hot
blast stove flue gas, etc.
and consumption reduction, and promoted the overall improvement of energy management and control
level through refined management. The energy management institution, in conjunction with the finance
采用一罐到底铁钢界面技术，机械真空泵技术，钢（铁）包节能烘烤技术，转炉二段烟道烟气
department, conducts comprehensive and detailed special inspections on "leakage and waste" of each 炼钢工序
余热回收技术，二氧化碳炼钢技术，废钢预热技术等。
secondary department on a regular weekly basis. Particularly pay attention to energy control during
maintenance shutdowns, aiming to nip potential energy waste in the bud. The inspection results are
reported weekly to prompt secondary departments to carry out energy-saving rectification work by drawing 采用加热炉蓄热节能技术、加热炉烟气余热回收利用技术、加热炉智能燃烧优化控制技术、加
inferences from one instance. 热炉强化热辐射节能技术，提高钢坯热装热送比例，对电机实施节能升级改造等。
轧钢工序
123 124
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Valin Xiangtan Steel | Accelerates the Implementation of Energy Efficiency Yangchun New Steel | Implementing Energy Conservation and Carbon Reduction
Case Case
Improvement Projects Through " Energy Source Development & Consumption Reduction" Strategy
Taking energy-saving projects as the carrier and following the principles of economy, reliability,
2 # 3 # Blast Furnace Blower Dehumidification Project
and stability, by introducing new technologies that suit the characteristics of the enterprise, new
breakthrough points for energy conservation and consumption reduction are sought to improve
During the reporting period, the subsidiary Valin Xiangtan Steel implemented the 2#3# blast furnace blower
the energy utilization level. Pay attention to the development of new energy-saving technologies,
dehumidification project. By adding a cold air cooling and dehumidification device at the outlet of the blast furnace strengthen communication and exchanges with other steel mills, and focus on the efficient
electric fan, the air moisture content was reduced and stabilized at around 9.2 g/Nm^3 before entering the blower, utilization of waste heat and pressure to improve efficiency. During the introduction of energy-
which played a positive role in promoting the long-term stable and smooth operation of the blast furnace, stabilizing saving projects, pay attention to coordinating with production units, rely on professional forces,
conduct full demonstrations, and ensure obvious energy - saving effects. Follow the principle
production and reducing consumption, as well as saving energy and reducing carbon emissions. During the operation
of pilot first and then promotion. During the reporting period, Yangchun New Steel completed
of the blast blower dehumidification system, the comprehensive coke ratio of the blast furnace decreased by about
the CO catalytic combustion renovation of the flue gas from the first sintering machine, which
5.62 kg/t, saving about 12,000 tons of standard coal annually and generating an annual economic benefit of about 22 Energy not only reduced the CO emission concentration in the "revenue - increasing" flue gas but also
Source
million yuan, showing good energy-saving effects and economic benefits. Development significantly reduced the consumption of blast furnace gas for SCR denitration. The pellet project
was successfully put into operation, and the energy consumption per unit product of pellets
decreased by more than half compared with sinter. At the same time, Yangchun New Steel
achieved full self-production of pellet ore, further optimizing the blast furnace burden structure
and reducing the energy consumption of the blast furnace.
By means of in-depth exploration of internal potential and quantitative management, do a good
job in energy conservation for the enterprise. Strengthen energy supervision and inspection,
enhance horizontal communication among production plants, extract effective energy-saving
measures from each unit, and replicate and promote them within the enterprise, so as to
improve the company's overall energy management level and energy utilization efficiency. Raise
the awareness of energy conservation and carbon reduction across the system, deeply integrate
Energy-Saving Retrofit Project for Ladle Heating System in Wide & Heavy Plate Rolling Line energy management into production organization, vigorously promote the optimization of the
production organization process, and ensure the implementation and effectiveness of energy
Consumption
During the reporting period, Valin Xiangtan Steel implemented an energy-efficient retrofit of traditional jet- Reduction conservation and consumption reduction across the system. Heating and pressurizing in the
production process consume energy. We should ensure that all ores enter the plant dry, dry
type heating system to meet the requirements of baking temperature and time, reduce the gas consumption
the coke, and reduce the moisture content of the materials entering the furnace; increase the
of the roaster in the steelmaking plant to save gas, and improve the baking quality at the same time. A total of
temperature of sinter entering the furnace; cover the hot metal ladles and improve their turnover
10 heating units were renovated, including 2 horizontal ladle heaters in the wide/heavy plate plant, 5 tundish
rate; increase the hot - charging rate and the temperature of steel billets entering the furnace.
heaters furnaces, 1 regenerative ladle heater, and 2 RH degasser vacuum chamber heaters. After the renovation,
3
the comprehensive energy-saving rate was over 35% , saving a total of 2,200m/h gas, generating 30,000 more
kilowatt-hours of electricity per day, and generating an annual benefit of 7.89 million yuan.
Promote Circular Power Generation
The company actively promotes new energy-saving technologies, and upgrades equipment and technologies
simultaneously, as well as green process technologies. Valin Xiangtan Steel and Valin Lianyuan Steel have
successively phased out some medium-temperature and medium-pressure thermal systems at the terminal, and
invested in building 4 sets of 150MW ultra-high-temperature generating units, basically achieving zero emission of
low-calorific-value blast furnace gas. The self-generated power has increased significantly, and the comprehensive
utilization level of secondary energy has been remarkably improved. A large number of energy-saving and carbon-
reducing projects and waste heat recovery and utilization projects have been implemented. During the reporting
period, a series of energy-saving and carbon-reducing projects promoted by the state have been carried out, such as
waste heat recovery from coke oven riser pipes, waste heat recovery from sintering flues, waste heat recovery after
steelmaking, waste heat power generation from dry quenching of coke, dehumidification of blast furnace blowing,
oxygen-enriched combustion, CO catalytic combustion, and upgrading and transformation of intelligent stockyards.
125 126
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Valin Lianyuan Steel | "Double-Ultra Power Generation + Waste Heat Recovery" High-
Case
efficiency Energy Utilization Practice
Valin Xiangtan Steel and Valin Lianyuan Steel Newly Commissioned 150 MW Ultra-High
Apply Double-Ultra Power Generation Technology to Improve Power Generation Efficiency
Temperature Supercritical Power Units Operate Stably
Valin Lianyuan Steel has implemented 150MW ultra-high-temperature sub-critical power generation and
During the reporting period, Valin Xiangtan Steel and Valin Lianyuan
150MW ultra-high-temperature super-critical gas power generation technologies. By replacing inefficient
Steel leveraged their newly commissioned 150 MW Ultra-High
generating units and optimizing the energy utilization structure, the power generation efficiency has been
Temperature Supercritical (UHSC) Power Units as a cornerstone for
significantly improved.
energy efficiency enhancement, significantly improving self-generated
power efficiency through optimized resource utilization. As one of
Technology upgrade: Adopt ultra-high-temperature sub-critical and super-critical gas power generation
the world's largest, most efficient, and cleanest gas-fired power units,
technologies to replace inefficient generating units.
Valin Xiangtan Steel 150MW Ultra-High Temperature Supercritical
Energy efficiency improvement: During the 14th Five-Year Plan period, the comprehensive standard coal Power Units achieves approximately 287g of standard coal equivalent
consumption for power generation has decreased from 373gce/kWh to 305gce/kWh, the power consumption rate (SCE) per kWh, 123g lower than traditional gas-fired power units,
of the plant has decreased from 7.03% to 6.49%, and the power generation efficiency has increased by 18.23%. annual standard coal equivalent consumption savings approximately
65,000 tonnes, and 35,000 tonnes CO2 emissions reduction. Valin
Energy conservation and carbon reduction: During the 14th Five-Year Plan period, the annual self-generated
Lianyuan Steel 150MW Ultra-High Temperature Supercritical Power
power has increased by 708 million kWh, the annual energy consumption has decreased by 87,000 tce, and
Units achieves approximately 290g of standard coal equivalent (SCE)
the annual carbon emissions have decreased by 394,000 tCO2 .
per kWh, 120g lower than traditional gas-fired power units, annual
standard coal equivalent consumption savings approximately 64,000
Recover All Waste Heat Resources to Avoid Energy Waste
tonnes, and 34,000 tonnes CO2 emissions reduction.
Valin Lianyuan Steel introduced the large flue boiler technology to recover the high-temperature flue gas
from the 280 sintering process, making full use of waste heat resources and avoiding energy waste.
Technology application: The large flue boiler technology is adopted to recover the high-temperature flue
gas from sintering, and the generated steam is incorporated into the waste heat power generation unit. Application of clean energy
Resource utilization: The hourly steam output reaches about 10t/h, and the annual power generation
increases by about 16 million kWh.
Energy conservation and carbon reduction: During the 14th Five-Year Plan period, the annual energy
consumption will be reduced by 2,000 tce, and the annual carbon emissions will be reduced by 8,900 tCO2 .
Pay timely attention to the
Plan to improve proportion
Full recovery of equalizing pressure gas, achieving a win-win situation for environmental protection and energy
Build distributed power layout of photovoltaic power
of externally purchased green
generation projects generation projects and
Valin Lianyuan Steel applied the blast furnace equalizing pressure gas recovery technology during the electricity
biomass energy projects
blast furnace charging process to fully recover and utilize the diffused gas, reducing energy waste and
environmental pollution.
During the reporting period, the company actively promoted and applied solar photovoltaic green electricity
Technology application: The blast furnace equalizing pressure gas recovery technology is fully applied in
products. It used resources such as the rooftops of office buildings and factory buildings and the vacant sites in
three blast furnaces to recover the diffused gas in the charging tanks.
the factory area to build distributed photovoltaic power generation projects, effectively reducing the company's
3
Resource utilization: The annual recovered gas volume reaches about 36 million m , which can increase the electricity purchase costs from the power grid and lowering the operating costs. It adopted high-efficiency power-
power generation by about 14.4 million kWh. saving technologies, carried out the green lighting renovation of the whole factory, and promoted solar lighting street
lamps, effectively improving the energy utilization efficiency and continuously optimizing the lighting environment
Energy conservation and carbon reduction: During the 14th Five-Year Plan period, the annual energy
in the factory area. In Hunan Province power structures, the proportion of green electricity such as wind, solar, and
consumption will be reduced by 1,800 tce, and the annual carbon emissions will be reduced by 8,100 tCO2 .
hydropower has been increasing. Among the company's outsourced electricity, the annual indirect purchase of green
electricity reached about 2.9 billion kWh.
127 128
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Smart Energy Management
Case Valin Xiangtan Steel and VAMA | Photovoltaic Project Construction Practices
The company promotes the smart energy management system, covering major energy media such as water,
During the reporting period, the heavy plate photovoltaic project
electricity, wind, and gas. It includes functional modules such as energy monitoring screen, operation management,
of Valin Xiangtan Steel and the Phase I photovoltaic project of
intelligent decision-making, energy analysis, process refined management, carbon emission management, and
VAMA were officially connected to the grid, achieving a "zero"
energy-saving technologies. It helps to break down departmental and professional barriers. Through the horizontal
breakthrough in the proportion of green electricity of Valin
integration of business and the vertical penetration of data, it realizes lean production and precise energy supply,
Steel, and providing support for achieving the goals of energy
achieves the integration of energy information across processes, and reduces the cost of power energy through
conservation and carbon reduction and promoting green
refined production organization and energy plan management.
development. Among them, the total area of the VAMA Phase
2
I photovoltaic project is about 2,500 m , with a total installed
VAMA Phase I Photovoltaic Project
capacity of 16 MWp. It adopts the power consumption model of Leverage big data and
"self-generation for self-use, and surplus electricity fed into the Real-time monitoring to intelligent algorithms to
Align energy supply with
grid". The annual power generation reaches 12.59 million kWh. track energy flows and forecast energy needs and
production schedules,
By 2030, it is expected to save about 60 million kWh of externally equipment status, achieve optimize grid dispatch,
optimize energy allocation
purchased electricity, helping to reduce the carbon emission visualization management achieving zero gas flaring and
intensity by 7.2kgCO2/t -s. VAMA is promoting the construction power generation efficiency
Energy monitoring Operation Intelligent decision-
of the Phase II and Phase III photovoltaic projects, with a total
management making
capacity of 50 MWp. It is planned that by 2030, a 100 MWp
photovoltaic project will be completed in the industrial park where
Valin Xiangtan Steel Roof Photovoltaic
VAMA is located. Project of Heavy Plate Plant
Case Valin Lianyuan Steel | Green Lighting Transformation Practices
During the reporting period, Valin Lianyuan
Steel carried out a plant-wide green lighting
Energy analysis Process management
transformation, promoted solar-powered street
lights, and was equipped with an intelligent
lighting control system. In cooperation with Deep analyze energy Implement precision
the road traffic safety protection department, consumption data to controls for steelmaking
it promoted solar-powered safety voice provide energy-saving processes, improve energy
assistants at intersections. The assistants are optimization basis efficiency
powered by solar photovoltaic panels to provide
green electricity and use infrared pyroelectric
induction technology. When a person passes
through the sensing area, it will immediately
trigger the playback of voice and synchronously
flash the warning lights, achieving a green,
Valin Lianyuan Steel Smart Energy
environmentally friendly and efficient upgrade. Management and Control Platform won
the title of "2024 Hunan Digital New
Infrastructure"
129 130
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Promote the application of new water-saving technologies and equipment to gradually reduce
fresh water consumption
Water Resource Management
The company strictly complies with laws and regulations such as theW ater Law of the People's Republic of China,
During the reporting period, the high-density tank technology was adopted for sewage treatment, which
and has formulated theI ndustrial Water Management Regulations to standardize water usage, enhance efficiency
significantly improved the suspended solids index of reclaimed water. The water balance test for the whole process
and promote conservation. Each subsidiary adapts to local conditions according to the characteristics of their region,
was promoted, the high-efficiency filtration technology was tested, the water resource allocation was optimized,
continuously evaluates and optimizes the water resource management of its surrounding environment to ensure
and water-saving actions were carried out step by step to ensure a gradual reduction in fresh water consumption.
the safety and stability of water use. At the same time, it monitors the water quality of the surrounding environment
Pay attention to high-efficiency purification technologies, intelligent water management in the industry, advanced
to ensure that water intake and wastewater discharge meet environmental protection requirements. As of the end
wastewater treatment technologies, equipment, and practices. During the reporting period, in-depth exchanges
of the reporting period, Valin Xiangtan Steel, Valin Lianyuan Steel, and Valin Hengyang Steel Tube have all been
on water-saving and emission reduction, electrochemical descaling, and advanced sewage treatment technologies
awarded the title of "Water-saving Enterprise" in Hunan Province.
were carried out to lay a foundation for future water-saving technology innovation.
Adhere to the systematic management concept of water quantity and quality, energy and
environmental protection, safety and efficiency
During the reporting period, the water use situation of Valin Steel was as follows:
Water use type Unit 2024 2023 2022
Continue to operate in accordance with the established water management system. Carry out various tasks
under the guidance of documents such as the company'sI ndustrial Water System Management Regulations, Total amount of fresh water intake Ton 91,150,352 95,337,685 98,759,616
and well-manage the water usage and drainage source control, process control, and standardized discharge.
Improve water usage efficiency by ensuring "water quality to ensure that scaling and corrosion of the cooling Reused water volume Ton 4,112,211,237 4,557,787,501 3,377,578,637
system are stably controlled, heat exchange efficiency of power generation, oxygen production, compressed
air, etc. is improved, water quality in each process meets requirements, and water quality has no objection
Valin Xiangtan Steel| Driving the Optimization of Industrial Water Systems with an Extreme
to product surface quality" as the starting point to ensure efficiency by quality. Formulate annual water use Case
Mindset to Achieve New Breakthroughs in Water Conservation and Consumption Reduction
indicators for each process reasonably, strengthen the management of process water use, and strictly assess
those who fail to meet the water quota indicators in accordance with theE nergy Management Assessment During the reporting period, in response to the problems of large water treatment volume and low
Measures. water recycling rate in the industrial water system, Valin Xiangtan Steel guided by an extreme mindset,
systematically analyzed the operating conditions of the industrial purified water system and took a series
of innovative measures. By improving the industrial water metering instruments and implementing online
monitoring at major drainage points to track the water volume and quality data in real-time, completely
Strengthen daily tracking of process water usage and comprehensive energy supervision
changed the traditional management mode of checking manhole covers. The company established a real-
inspections to promote the rational use of reclaimed water
time balance diagram of the industrial water system, optimized the pipeline network layout, implemented a
pricing mechanism based on water quality, encouraged production plants to use good water and less water,
and increased the clean circulating water system concentration multiple and mainly completed the key
project of water system optimization.
During the reporting period, the product structure upgrading and environmental protection renovation
projects of the subsidiaries were put into operation gradually, and the new production lines and processes Through the refined management and control of systems such as power generation circulating water,
had high requirements for water quality, resulting in a significant increase in water consumption pressure. joint water supply stations, and desalinated water stations, as well as the precise guidance on water use in
To improve water use efficiency, a survey on the internal use of reclaimed water was carried out. The cooling workshops, Valin Xiangtan Steel significantly reduced the process sewage discharge. The incoming water
water for fans and water pumps in the metallurgical lime and converter red slag processes was changed volume at the iron-making water station decreased by 1.1 million m³/month decrease YoY; saving more
from direct flow to circulating water. Starting from the operating conditions of the industrial purified water than 330,000 RMB/month in electricity and chemical costs on average; the incoming water volume at the
system, by improving the industrial water metering instruments and conducting online monitoring at the Gongnongzha water station decreased by 500,000 m³/month decrease YoY, saving 45,000 RMB/month in
main drainage points, the water quantity and quality of users were tracked in real time to ensure the efficient electricity and chemical costs on average. In total, the reclaimed water treatment cost was reduced by
operation of the water use system. During the reporting period, the total amount of fresh water intake of the 375,000 RMB per month. The reclaimed water treatment volume decreased from 10,000 cubic meters per
company decreased steadily. hour to 7,000 cubic meters per hour, showing significant water-saving effects.
131 132
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
In addition, through the water balance analysis of the fire-fighting water supply system and the evaluation New water-saving technologies and equipment are being rapidly adopted. High-density tank technology
of the redundant operation of the pumping stations, Valin Xiangtan Steel optimized the operation mode of has been applied in sewage treatment, greatly improving the suspended solids indicators in reclaimed
the fire-fighting water pipeline network. After multiple tests and partial renovations, the pump group of the water. Full-process water balance testing has been promoted, along with trials of high-efficiency filtration
fire-fighting water supply system at the Sixth Water Station was finally shut down, and the entire fire-fighting technology to optimize water resource allocation. In-depth exchanges on water-saving and emission-
water pipeline network was supplied by the Gongnongzha and iron-making water stations. This adjustment reduction technologies, electrochemical descaling, and advanced wastewater treatment have been
reduced the daily power consumption by 13,000 kWh and the annual operating cost by 2.65 million yuan, conducted, laying the foundation for future innovations in water conservation.
further improving the water resource utilization efficiency.
Valin Lianyuan Steel | Optimizing Water Use Management through Multiple Measures
Case
to Achieve New Breakthroughs in Water Conservation and Consumption Reduction
The technical indicators of water use in the production process have been significantly improved. The water
use efficiency has achieved the dual-control targets of annual total volume and intensity. The reuse rate of
sewage and wastewater is 49.32%, the water reuse rate is 98.34% , the water intake per ton of steel is 3.35
3 3
m/t, the water use per ton of steel is 4.60 m/t, and the water use efficiency is close to the advanced level in
the industry.
The technology of water conservation and emission reduction has been comprehensively promoted. The
dry methods for blast furnace dust removal, converter dust removal, and coke quenching have been fully
implemented, and the efficiency of recycled water use has been improved. Zero emissions have been
achieved in blast furnace slag flushing, converter red slag pot stewing, and converter dust removal spraying;
the accident water of the No. 8 blast furnace is cascaded to the circulating cooling water, the cooling
Circulating cooling water is cascaded to EP The water from the F pump of the No. 8 blast furnace is reused
water for power generation sampling is cascaded to the EP, the steel rolling heating furnace, controlled
cooling, and laminar flow systems use water according to different qualities, and the desalted water for
the vaporization furnace of the 2250 line heating furnace is upgraded. The desalination equipment water
production operating cycle has been significantly increased, the salt consumption per ton of soft water
preparation has been reduced by 50%, and the self-water consumption rate of desalted water preparation
has been decreased.
The daily water usage management has been continuously strengthened. By combining daily tracking
of process water use with comprehensive inspections of energy supervision, abnormal problems can be
promptly discovered and addressed. The management of water leakage in pipe networks and equipment
has been strengthened to ensure the efficient operation of the water use system. Regular water use data
analysis is carried out to optimize water use scheduling and reduce water resource waste.
The circulating water system has been comprehensively upgraded. For the cooling water used in fans and
water pumps in the metallurgical lime and converter red slag processes, a transformation from direct-flow
to circulating water systems was implemented, significantly reducing water consumption. The cooling water
system for steel coil temperature reduction in cold rolling was also converted to a circulating water mode,
further enhancing water efficiency and reducing wastewater discharge.
High-density tank in sewage treatment
133 134
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Valin Xiangtan Steel | Implements the Tar Slag Drying Treatment Project to Promote
Waste Management Case
the Resource Utilization of Solid Waste
Valin Steel strictly complies with the Law of theP eople's Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Valin Xiangtan Steel processes tar slag through physical
Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste, implementing controls in accordance with theP ollution Control Standards separation, separating pulverized coal, coke powder, solids, and
for the Storage and Disposal Sites of General Industrial Solid Waste and the Pollution Control Standards for tar in the tar slag. The tar is sold as a product or processed, and
Hazardous Waste Storage, ensuring that all solid waste is safely and properly utilized or disposed of. The company the pulverized coal is used as coking coal. This not only facilitates
has established hazardous waste management systems, including theH azardous Waste Management Plan, strictly the recovery of the chemical product tar but also helps stabilize
adhering to national environmental regulations and promptly filing records with local environmental authorities. To the quality of coke. At the same time, it greatly improves the
efficiently and systematically respond to potential hazardous waste leakage incidents, the company has developed on-site environment, reduces VOC emissions, meets the ultra-
a Hazardous Waste Emergency Response Plan and conducts regular drills. It has also built standardized hazardous low emission requirements, and achieves the requirements for
waste storage facilities and outsources the recycling or disposal of hazardous waste—such as waste oil and spent hazardous waste reduction management. It reduces the annual
lead-acid batteries—to licensed third-party providers. production of hazardous waste by about 3,000 tons and generates
an economic benefit of 4.29 million RMB.
During the reporting period, the company continuously optimized its production processes and procedures. It
reduced the generation of waste through measures such as technological improvement, equipment renovation, and
recycling. The company also carried out scientific research on the reuse of solid waste in production to improve the
utilization rate of solid waste in production. The disposal volume of hazardous waste and the utilization volume of Valin Lianyuan Steel | Solves the Steel Slag Solid Waste Disposal Problem and
Case
solid waste of Valin Steel are as follows: Promotes the Transformation of Solid Waste into Resources
To solve the problem of steel slag solid waste disposal, Valin Lianyuan Steel cooperates with Hunan
Provincial Communications Science Research Institute to study the comprehensive application of steel
Key Performance slag. It uses a new low-carbon and environmentally friendly technology to replace the coarse aggregate in
asphalt concrete with steel slag produced by itself, turning the steel slag into a valuable resource for use in
235,900
the company's road paving process.
During the reporting period, the company properly disposed of tons of hazardous waste in
13
In Valin Lianyuan Steel cold-rolled high-end household appliance panel project, the asphalt road covers
compliance with regulations.The utilization volume of solid waste reached million tons.
an area of about 20,000〖 m〗^2 . The asphalt concrete uses self-produced steel slag to replace the coarse
99
The comprehensive utilization rate reached over %. aggregate in asphalt concrete, consuming more than 8,000 tons of steel slag. After pre-treatment, the physical
and mechanical properties of the steel slag are similar to those of basalt and diabase gravel commonly used
in asphalt pavements, better than limestone gravel, and it has the advantages of high density, high strength,
wear resistance, and good adhesion to asphalt. It can not only effectively improve the high-temperature anti-
deformation ability and anti-water damage ability of asphalt concrete, enhance its wear resistance and anti-skid
Waste types Unit 2024 2023 2022
performance, but also significantly reduce the construction cost. The project was launched in August 2024, using
the four new technologies of low-carbon and environmentally friendly industrial solid waste utilization. It is the
Hazardous waste disposal Ton 235,855 199,277 212,053
first heavy-load factory road in Hunan Province with a full-structure steel slag asphalt pavement, opening a new
Utilization amount of solid waste Ton 12,997,971 12,987,443 12,658,036 chapter in the promotion and application of steel slag asphalt pavements in Hunan Province.
Developing Circular Economy
Valin Steel is committed to promoting circular economy practices. Internally, it recycles all iron resources into raw
materials for steel production, improves resource utilization efficiency in operations, and reduces the waste caused
environmental pressure. Externally, it establishes a direct recycling business of scrap steel with users, classifies social
scrap steel more precisely by quality, increases the proportion of scrap steel in high-grade automotive steel, and
significantly reduces the carbon footprint of automotive steel.
135 136
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Strengthening Hazardous Waste Management
In-depth Governance
Pollutant Emission Management
Case VAMA | Establishes a Hazardous Waste Management Roadmap
In the course of production and operation, the company strictly complies with China's environmental protection
Hazardous Waste Plan vs. Actual Quantity (Unit: t) Jan. to Dec. Plan Jan. to Dec. Actual Quantity laws and regulations as well as emission standards, including but not limited toE nvironmental Protection Law of
the People's Republic of China, Air Pollution Prevention and Control Law, Water Pollution Prevention and Control
1000 Law, Solid Waste Pollution Prevention and Control Law, Noise Pollution Prevention and Control Law, Soil Pollution
900
Prevention and Control Law, Discharge Standards of Water Pollutants for the Iron and Steel Industry, Emission
766.48
800
Standard of Pollutants for Coking Chemical Industry, Emission Standard of Air Pollutants for Steelmaking Industry,
600 Emission Standard of Air Pollutants for Steel Rolling Industry, Emission Standard of Air Pollutants for Iron & Steel
Sintering and Pelletizing Industry, Hunan Province Special Emission Limits for Pollutants (First Batch), Emission
400 300 Standard of Air Pollutants for Thermal Power Plants, Emission Standard of Air Pollutants for Ironmaking Industry,
254.116
218.19
200
160136.3 200 Pollution Control Standard for Hazardous Waste Storage, Pollution Control Standard for General Industrial Solid
10093.68
40 33.52 40 32.56 30 20.96 3 1.02 1 0.64 Waste Storage and Landfill, Guidelines on Implementing Ultra-Low Emissions in the Iron and Steel Industry, and
0 Emission Standard for Industrial Enterprises Noise at Boundary. To ensure compliance, the company has established
Grinding Acidic Alkaline Oily Waste Oil-Containing Empty Oil Waste Oil Asbestos Waste a series of pollution control management systems, including Wastewater Pollution Prevention and Control
Sludge Sludge Sludge Sludge Mineral Oil Waste Drums Drums Waste ReagentTubes
Management Procedures, Air Pollution Prevention and Control Management Procedures, etc.
VAMA establishes an annual hazardous waste reduction management plan and a hazardous waste
management roadmap The company has adopted advanced and reliable treatment technologies for the treatment of pollutants in each
process. In terms of the treatment of flue gas from major furnaces, for sintering flue gas, technologies such as head
electrostatic precipitation + lime - gypsum wet desulfurization and SCR denitrification treatment are used. For
Case Valin Lianyuan Steel | Stores Hazardous Waste in Compliance coke oven flue gas, technologies such as SDA desulfurization + SCR denitrification treatment are used to treat the
pollution at the source. For coke oven gas, the HPF desulfurization and purification process is adopted, and for blast
furnace gas, the hydrolysis + adsorption fine desulfurization process is used. In the process of material transfer and
During the reporting period, Valin Lianyuan Steel built a new general hazardous waste warehouse. The
crushing of coal, coke, iron ore, sinter, steel-making raw materials and other materials in each production process,
location of the new hazardous waste warehouse meets the requirements of the ecological environment
the membrane-covered baghouse dust removal process is used to achieve stable and compliant emission. In terms
zoning control. All hazardous wastes are stored indoors. Different storage areas are set up according to
of wastewater discharge, for coking phenol-cyanide wastewater, technologies such as A_2 O_2 biochemical method
the category, quantity, form, physical and chemical properties, and pollution prevention and control
and ozone advanced treatment are used, and a large-scale sewage and cold-rolling wastewater treatment system
requirements of hazardous wastes. The floor, cofferdam, and walls inside the warehouse are built solidly,
is built, using technologies such as physicochemical flocculation precipitation and sand filtration treatment to
and hazardous waste identification signs such as hazardous waste site signs, storage area signs, and
guarantee discharge compliance. In terms of the disposal of solid waste and slag, all furnace slag is recycled and
hazardous waste labels are set up as required by HJ1276. Technical means such as electronic weighing
disposed of using technologies such as rod-mill dry treatment to eliminate wastewater discharge pollution. The
scales, electronic tags, and electronic management ledgers are used to manage the information of the
blast furnace dust and converter dust are all handed over to units with corresponding treatment qualifications, and
storage process of hazardous wastes. There are a total of 9 cameras inside and outside the warehouse for
technologies such as zinc extraction by rotary kiln pyrometallurgical are used to realize the reuse of waste resources.
full-coverage monitoring. The monitoring pictures are clear, and the records can be saved for 3 months.
Implement Self-monitoring of the Environment
The company's subsidiaries have formulated self-monitoring plans in accordance with theH J 878-2017 Technical
Guidelines for Self-Monitoring of Pollution Discharge Units, and engage accredited testing agencies to conduct self-
monitoring of waste gas, wastewater, and plant-boundary noise, ensuring stable and compliant pollutant emissions.
Furthermore, the company strictly adheres to theM easures for Self-Monitoring and Information Disclosure by Key State-
Monitored Enterprises, regularly publishing self-monitoring data for wastewater and exhaust emissions. In cases of
data anomalies caused by production malfunctions, equipment shutdowns, or other factors, the company promptly
communicates with environmental authorities to ensure uploaded monitoring data remains stable and compliant.
137 138
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Implement Ultra-low Emission Transformation
Case Valin Xiangtan Steel | Ultra-low Emission Retrofit Practice
The company has established a stable environmental protection funding mechanism and, in accordance with the Ultra-Low At Valin Xiangtan Steel, 55 environmental projects have been completed and put into operation, including
Emission (ULE) Action Plan, is implementing ULE and efficiency upgrades for key processes such as ironmaking, steelmaking, enclosure of the limestone stockyard, enclosure of the steel slag tailings yard, precision desulfurization for
sintering, and coking. These upgrades are expected to be fully completed by 2025. During the reporting period, the company coke oven gas, coke-side enclosure for the 7.3-meter coke oven. Additionally, 61 projects are now in full
advanced the renovation and construction of environmental protection facilities as scheduled under the ULE transformation swing, such as enclosure of the sintering material stockyard, covering of conveyor belt corridors, upgrades
plan. Among them, Valin Xiangtan Steel has completed environmental protection treatment projects such as hase I of to primary dedusting systems for wide-heavy plate steelmaking converters. During the reporting period,
precision desulfurization for coke oven gas in the southern recovery area of the coking plant, VOCs tail gas treatment in the compared with the same period last year, emissions were significantly reduced, particulate matter: 16.8%
northern chemical production area, desulfurization and dust removal upgrades for coke dry quenching (CDQ) systems at 7# reduction, sulfur dioxide (SO2 ): 7.2% reduction, nitrogen oxides (NOx): 4.3% reduction, chemical oxygen
and 8# furnaces, dust removal upgrades for raw material handling at the new No.1 sintering plant, dust control for mixers at demand (COD): 8.6% reduction, ammonia nitrogen: 9.1% reduction. These reductions have made a positive
the new No.2 sintering plant, new WJ10 coke raw material dust removal system, desulfurization of hot blast stoves at blast contribution to the continuous improvement of ambient air quality in Xiangtan City.
furnaces 1-4, thallium removal from desulfurization wastewater at the new No.1 sintering plant, pre-dust removal upgrades
for steelmaking raw materials and ULE retrofits for the 135MW power plant boiler. Valin Lianyuan Steel has completed
environmental governance projects such as flue gas treatment for blast furnace hot blast stoves, environmental upgrades for
the old-line comprehensive stockyard, enclosure retrofits for raw material yards, integrated environmental management and
control platform, clean transportation upgrades, including diesel-to-electric conversions and adoption of China VI-compliant
vehicles to meet ULE transport requirements. Valin Hengyang Steel Tube has completed environmental governance projects
such as ULE desulfurization retrofits for hot blast stove flue gas, recovery and utilization of top-pressure gas from blast furnaces,
enclosure of slag yards and fugitive dust control, ULE desulfurization retrofits for the 180 plant's annular furnace flue gas, ULE
upgrades for the 180 plant's dust removal system, Phase II of deep treatment for sintering machines (denitrification), fugitive Valin Xiangtan Steel Coke Oven Gas Fine Desulfurization Valin Xiangtan Steel Slag and Tailings Reservoir Project
dust control in coke unloading areas at railcar dumpers, and enclosure of conveyor belts and plant buildings. Yangchun New Project
Steel has completed 80 ULE projects covering organized emissions, fugitive emissions, and clean transportation, achieving
full-process ULE transformation by March 2025, with assessment monitoring and public disclosure finalized. These projects
have delivered significant environmental benefits, substantially improving the performance of pollution control facilities and Case Valin Lianyuan Steel | Ultra-low Emission Retrofit Practice
enhancing regional air quality.
At Valin Lianyuan Steel, several environmental improvement projects have been completed and put into
operation, including flue gas treatment system for blast furnace hot blast stoves, environmental upgrade
of the old-line comprehensive stockyard, enclosure renovation of raw material yards, and integrated
environmental management and control platform. As of the end of the reporting period, Valin Lianyuan
Organized Non-organized Clean Steel has invested a cumulative total of 5 billion RMB in environmental governance and ultra-low emission
emission retrofit emission retrofit transportation upgrades. The company has initiated 82 environmental projects, with 88% of the overall progress
completed. During the reporting period, the
Scientific Planning and Governance
company achieved significant reductions
During the reporting period, Valin Steel's pollutant emission indicators are as follows: in air pollutants compared to the previous
16 projects
year: sulfur dioxide (SO): 1,031 tons/year 26 projects
19%
32%
Permitted reduction, particulate matter: 829 tons/
Pollutant types Unit 2024 2023 2022
emission in 2024 year reduction, nitrogen oxides (NOx): 562 Ultra-Low Emission
COD Ton 300 2,054 355 415 tons/year reduction. These figures represent 3 projects (ULE) Retrofit Project
4% Distribution at Valin
Ammonia nitrogen Ton 14 187 18 22 approximately 30% reduction compared to Lianyuan Steel 37 projects
Sulfur dioxide Ton 4,537 18,273 5,740 10,392 the same period last year. The comprehensive 45%
Nitrogen oxides Ton 14,438 26,568 15,867 16,219 air quality index in the region showed a year-
Particulate matter Ton 20,005 28,008 21,745 23,996 on-year decrease of over 10%, demonstrating
Wastewater discharge substantial improvement in ambient air Ironmaking Process Coking Process
Wastewater discharge quality in surrounding areas. teelmaking Process Energy & Utilities
Ton 25,806,847 / 26,007,761 29,698,544
volume
139 140
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Case Valin Lianyuan Steel | Ultra-low Emission Retrofit Practice Case Valin Hengyang Steel Tube | Ultra-low Emission Retrofit Practice
During the reporting period, Valin Hengyang Steel Tube completed the construction of desulfurization and
3
300,000 m /h Blast Furnace Gas Fine
denitrification systems, including the flue gas desulfurization for hot blast stoves, the flue gas desulfurization
Desulfurization Project
for the 180 Plant's annular furnace, and the denitrification project for sintering flue gas, achieving ultra-
low emission standards for sulfur dioxide (SO) and nitrogen oxides (NOx) at all organized emission outlets.
With an investment of 130 million RMB, this
The 180 Plant's dust removal system, as well as upgrades to the sintering machine tail and particle sizing
project achieves ultra-low sulfur dioxide
dust collectors, were completed, meeting ultra-low emission requirements. Additionally, numerous
emissions from steel rolling heating furnace
unorganized emission control projects were put into operation, such as the enclosure of raw material yards,
flue gas through hydrolysis purification of gas
ironmaking conveyor galleries, slag storage areas, and dust removal for scrap steel cutting, significantly
sulfides for source treatment.
reducing unorganized dust from material storage and transportation. Projects currently underway include
the construction of scattered-point dust removal systems in the steelmaking area, the development of an
environmental management platform, and clean transportation upgrades. These upgrades are expected to
6m Coke Oven Machine-Side Dedusting be largely completed by the first half of 2025.
Project
With an investment of 60 million RMB, this 180 Plant Annular Furnace Flue Gas Desulfurization Project
project upgrades dedusting facilities for coke
pushing and coal charging at existing #1 and This project employs calcium-based dry fixed-
#2 coke ovens, significantly reducing fugitive bed desulfurization technology to treat flue gas
emissions during coke pushing operations. from the annular heating furnace. It became
operational in August 2024.
3
300,000 m /h Blast Furnace Gas Fine
Desulfurization Project
With over 300 million RMB investment and
operational since June 2024, this project
Ultra-Low Emission Upgrade for Ironmaking Sintering Machine Heads
reduces annual pollutant emissions by nearly
1,000 tons.
Using selective catalytic reduction (SCR)
denitrification technology, this project reduces
NOx emissions in treated flue gas to below 50
Coking Coal Yard Environmental Upgrade
mg/Nm³. It was completed in December 2024.
Project
Total renovation investment of 70 million RMB
includes installation of standard wheel washers
and mist cannon dust suppression systems in
the coal storage shed.
141 142
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Implement Clean Transportation
Case Yangchun New Steel | Ultra-low Emission Retrofit Practice
Valin Steel implemented clean transportation transformation, including measures such as optimizing logistics
In recent years, Yangchun New Steel has accelerated the construction of organized emission control,
routes, increasing the proportion of water transportation, gradually phasing out old vehicles and non-road mobile
unorganized emission management, and clean transportation systems. The company has successively
machinery that do not meet ultra-low requirements, and renewing new energy vehicles to improve the proportion
completed ultra-low emission upgrade projects, including blast furnace top dust removal, sintering
of clean transportation. During the reporting period, the ultra-low emission transformation of clean transportation
electrostatic precipitator upgrades, a 150MW ultra-high-temperature subcritical power generation unit
of its subsidiary Yangchun New Steel has been publicly announced by the China Iron and Steel Association. The
with supporting environmental protection facilities, and primary dust removal upgrades in steelmaking.
proportion of clean transportation of bulk materials in Valin Xiangtan Steel and Valin Lianyuan Steel has remained
By the end of the reporting period, the ultra-low emission upgrades for both organized and unorganized
above 80%. Among them, the ultra-low emission transformation of clean transportation in Valin Xiangtan Steel has
emissions had been completed, with on-site verification pending. Several ultra-low emission projects have
officially entered the evaluation period.
won awards for technological and management innovation, including two first prizes—the "Guangdong
Provincial Enterprise Management Modernization Innovation Achievement Award" and the "Guangdong Case Yangchun New Steel | Clean Transportation Practice
Provincial Metallurgical Science and Technology Achievement Award."
Bulk Material Transport Vehicles
For the vehicles transporting bulk materials in Yangchun New Steel (only including iron concentrate, coal,
coke, scrap steel, purchased pellet ore, lime, limestone, alloy, steel, steel slag, water slag, etc.), only those
meet the clean transportation emission stage, namely, National VI or electric heavy trucks, are allowed to
Car washer Sintering machine head electrostatic dust collector enter and leave the factory. Currently, there are 161 electric vehicles and 963 National VI vehicles.
In-plant Transport Vehicles and Non-road Mobile Machinery
Yangchun New Steel currently has a total of 41 in-plant transport vehicles, all of which are diesel vehicles.
Among them, 34 meet the National V standard and 7 meet the National VI standard. During the reporting
period, 2 new added vehicles meet the National V standard and 3 new added vehicles meet the National VI
standard.
Enclosure of the belt corridor Dust removal above the trough
Yangchun New Steel currently has a total of 74 in-plant non-road mobile machinery, all of which meet the
National III and above emission standards. Among them, 50 are of the National III standard, 6 are of the
National IV standard, and 18 are new energy machinery. During the reporting period, 3 machinery meet the
National IV standard and 4 new energy machinery were newly added.
List of the Configuration of In-plant Transport Vehicles and Non-road Machinery in Yangchun
New Steel
Newly added during the
Dust removal at the taphole Water seal dust removal of the sintering circular cooler mixer No. Type Unit Current quantity
reporting period
2 more vehicles meet China V
In-plant 41 (34 vehicles meet China V
emission standards and 3 more
1 transport Vehicle emission standards, 7 vehicles
vehicles meet China VI emission
vehicles meet China VI emission standards)
standards were newly added
74 (50 vehicles meet China III
In-plant 3 more vehicles meet China IV
emission standards, 6 vehicles
2 non-road Vehicle emission standards and 4 more
meet China IV emission standards,
machinery new energy vehicles were added
18 new energy vehicles)
Mixer dust removal Desulfurization for hot blast stoves
143 144
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Protect Biodiversity
Conduct biodiversity training and practice
Electric heavy truck charging Independent charging station On-site use of charging devices On-site use of charging devices We conduct biodiversity education programs and hands-on conservation activities. This includes
station
publishing special features like "World Environment Day - Biodiversity Awareness Bulletin" to enhance staff
knowledge, while organizing participatory biodiversity protection events. Evaluate the impact of project
construction on the ecological environment.
Conduct Biodiversity Surveys and Assessments
Electric heavy trucks Non-road machinery license plates and environmental protection codes
Evaluate the impact of project construction on the ecological environment before starting project
construction to avoid building projects in ecologically fragile areas; continuously monitor the
Beautiful Ecology surrounding ecological environment during the project operation period and actively carry out
biodiversity protection, etc.
Valin Steel is committed to building a green and ecological steel city. It continuously increases investment in
greening, actively promotes new models of greening projects and greening management, transforms the factory
Developing Urban Green Factories
environment into an ecological garden, and creates a beautiful ecological environment with "One Factory, One
Scenery", "One road, One feature", and "Year-round floral vibrancy".
Implement environmental improvement projects such as greening around the factory's production
facilities, beautifying and lighting the office buildings, and renovating the cultural and sports facilities in
Rectify the Factory Environment the living area to continuously increase the green plant coverage rate of each subsidiary's factory area and
constantly pursue the balance between industrial and natural elements.
Case Valin Xiangtan Steel | Builds a National Industrial Tourism Demonstration Base
In 2021, Valin Xiangtan Steel Industrial Tourism Park was successfully designated as a National AAA-Level
Case VAMA | Biodiversity Protection Practices
Tourist Attraction, and in 2023, it was listed as a National Industrial Tourism Demonstration Site. The park
has developed an immersive industrial tourism model combining "sightseeing + hands-on experience" and
"sightseeing + science education", featuring 13 unique attractions, including Xiangtan Steel History Museum, There are as many as 56
Five-Meter Steel Rolling Production Line, Ai Aiguo Welding Technology Laboratory, etc. These sites have species of birds and reptiles
attracted numerous red education programs, student study tours, and corporate team-building groups, such as hares, pheasants, and
offering visitors a firsthand look at the evolution of modern steel manufacturing and the achievements of weasels in the VAMA area. VAMA
industrial tourism. During the reporting period, in order to advance its application for 4A-Level Scenic Spot has specifically established a
certification, Valin Xiangtan Steel has implemented several greening projects, covering new premium wire biodiversity management plan,
rod production area (Phase II), slag steel plant ball mill stockyard, 150MW power generation area of the such as providing grains and
power plant, and chemical byproduct recovery zone and former tractor platform in the coking plant. These corn to feed migratory birds
initiatives have added over 20,000 m² of green space, raising the park's green coverage rate to over 50%. during the winter.
Biodiversity management plan Provide grains and corn
145 146
04
Unite and Progress
Together
Strive for the Future
Valin Steel has consistently implemented the strategy of "strengthening the enterprise through talent," adhering Employee Employment 139
to the principle of the Party overseeing key personnel decisions, cultivating talent internally while attracting it
Employee Development 147
externally, enhancing vitality through institutional reforms, and fostering unity through cultural guidance. The
company continuously optimizes mechanisms for talent recruitment, development, utilization, and motivation,
Employee Care 151
increasing investment and innovating methods to safeguard employee rights, enhance employee care, and ignite
their passion for innovation. By creating a more comfortable working environment for employees, Valin Steel has laid Health and Safety 156
a solid talent foundation for its high-quality development and transformation and upgrading.
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Employee Employment
Compliant Employment
Diversity and equality
The company respects and safeguards all lawful rights and interests of its employees, strictly complies with labor
laws and regulations such as theL abor Law, the Labor Contract Law, and theR egulations on the Implementation The company places high priority on safeguarding employees' interests in terms of wages, working hours, and
of the Labor Contract Law, and signs labor contracts with employees based on the principles of equality, voluntary welfare benefits. We are committed to fostering a diverse, equitable, and inclusive employment environment,
participation, and mutual agreement through consultation. including supporting the development of disabled individuals by providing job opportunities and actively helping
them enhance their professional skills to create value for both the enterprise and society.
The company strictly prohibits any non-compliant practices such as child labor or forced labor.
23,419
With diversity, equity, and inclusion as our core objectives, we firmly oppose discrimination
Total numbers of employees
based on race, social class, nationality, religion, physical disability, or gender.
Proportion of employees under 30 13.92% We are dedicated to maintaining a positive workplace atmosphere and expressly prohibit
Employee managers from subjecting employees to physical punishment, psychological coercion, or verbal
Proportion of employees between 30-40 25.51%
Structure abuse, thereby ensuring the lawful rights and interests of all employees.
Proportion of employees between 40-50 30.31% by Age
Proportion of employees above 50 30.25%
The company values the advancement of disabled individuals by offering employment
opportunities and actively supporting their professional development, enabling them to
contribute value to both the enterprise and society.
Employee
Employee Key Performance
Structure
Structure by
by Job
Education Level
Types
Number of disabled people Number of female employees Number of ethnic minorities
327 2,739 451
supported in employment
Production staff 18,094 Sales staff 490 Ph.D.s 70 Bachelors 7,312
Proportion of disabled people Proportion of female employees Proportion of ethnic minorities
Purchasing staff 297 Financial staff 282 Masters 669 Others 15,368
supported in employment 12 1.9
% %
Technical staff 3,304 1.4
%
Administrative staff 952
149 150
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Human Rights Protection
External Audits
Biennial social responsibility audits aligned with Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) standards are
We strictly comply with Chinese labor laws and regulations, including but not limited to theL abor Law of the
conducted across all manufacturing facilities, covering human rights and labor practices. Identified non-
People's Republic of China, theL abor Contract Law of the People's Republic of China, theL aw on the Protection
conformities trigger corrective action plans with periodic performance tracking.
of Minors, theL aw on the Protection of Women's Rights and Interests, theT rade Union Law, andt he Special
Provisions on the Labor Protection of Female Employees. In alignment with international standards such as the
Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the Declaration on Human Rights, we have established internal policies,
Key Performance
including ourF undamental Human Rights Policy, to define core principles in employee management, workplace
practices, and welfare benefits. We continuously refine our human rights management processes to ensure full 0
respect and protection for all employees and stakeholders. During recruitment, we rigorously verify candidates' Child labor, forced labor, and human trafficking: cases
0
identity documents and strictly adhere to the legal employment age requirements of the respective country or
Discrimination and harassment: cases
region. We categorically prohibit the hiring of individuals below the legal working age. Regarding forced labor, the
company strictly prohibits entering into any contractual agreements involving slavery, forced labor, bonded labor,
or indentured labor. We are fully committed to complying with all applicable local laws and regulations and firmly
Talent Recruitment
oppose any form of involuntary labor.
We firmly believe that talent is the key driver of corporate development and consistently prioritize the cultivation
and management of human capital. The company is committed to building a robust talent ecosystem, scientifically
Valin steel Arrangements for Human Rights Due Diligence
designing positions, and establishing an efficient talent management model to advance our strategic objectives
through talent-centric initiatives.In collaboration with Central South University, Hunan University, and Wuhan
Preparation for Sharing and Evaluation University of Science and Technology, we have strengthened process management for master's degree programs
(equivalent academic status) in management science, mechanical engineering, automation, metallurgy, and
Through organizing symposiums, collecting employees' opinions and suggestions and providing timely materials science, achieving remarkable learning outcomes and enhancing participants' professional competencies.
feedback, as well as conducting research on the implementation of collective contracts, we will gain an in-
Talent Demand Assessment
depth understanding of the current situation of human-rights-related issues.
Platform evaluation
Human Rights Impact Assessment
We collaborate with leading HR partners to streamline recruitment processes and enhance hiring efficiency.
The Security Department conducts specialized inspections on operational safety, workplace conditions,
and occupational health management. Meanwhile, the Human Resources Department implements routine
Personnel evaluation
oversight of working hours, wage disbursements, social insurance contributions, and labor contract
compliance. Additionally, employee engagement surveys are administered to assess potential workplace
Comprehensively evaluate candidates from multiple aspects such as professional knowledge, learning
impacts, focusing on core dimensions such as job satisfaction, work-life balance, professional development,
potential, communication skills, teamwork ability, and stress-coping ability to assess the fit between their
and diversity & inclusion.
comprehensive qualities and job requirements.
Prevention and Mitigation Measures Requirement assessment
The company delivers regular human rights and labor rights training to all employees through internal To cope with future changes such as personnel flow and production line optimization, through in-depth on-
programs and awareness campaigns, ensuring 100% training coverage biennially. A grievance mechanism site production research, close cooperation with the employment departments, and benchmarking against
is established, allowing employees to report issues – either anonymously or identifiably – via hotline, mail, advanced enterprises in the industry, we accurately calculate the personnel requirements and formulate a
email, in-person meetings, or digital platforms to the labor union, administration office, or disciplinary scientific and reasonable recruitment plan accordingly.
supervision department.
The company prioritizes the fundamental mission of "mentoring successors and ensuring sustainable talent
pipelines," continuously optimizing its talent structure and actively recruiting top professionals. During the reporting
period, the company received 3.29 million RMB in talent development funding from the Hunan SASAC.
151 152
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Recruitment of Fresh College Graduates
Valin Xiangtan Steel
The company earnestly implements the employment stabilization directives and requirements set forth by the
During the reporting period, Valin Xiangtan Steel expanded its recruitment channels to support new product
CPC Central Committee, the State Council, and provincial authorities, fully embracing its social responsibilities as
R&D, quality improvement, and smart manufacturing initiatives. The company on-boarded 153 university
a provincial state-owned enterprise. Through talent recruitment initiatives like the "Elite Cultivation Program" and
graduates, including 5 Ph.D. holders and 66 master's degree holders (46% of total hires), marking its first
other policy measures, we on-boarded 618 fresh graduates during the reporting period. Among them, 32 candidates
recruitment collaborations with Xi'an Jiaotong University, Northwestern Polytechnical University, and
were selected for the provincial SASAC's "Elite Cultivation Program", demonstrating our commitment to advancing
Communication University of China. Additionally, 9 technical and marketing experts were hired (6 full-time, 3
high-quality employment opportunities for university graduates as a responsible state-owned enterprise.
contracted). These high-caliber professionals provide strong support for high-quality development.
Valin Lianyuan Steel
Focusing on high-level, mission-critical, and key reserve talent, Valin Lianyuan Steel attracts specialists
through competitive compensation and well-designed mechanisms. During the reporting period, it recruited Valin Xiangtan Steel 2024 New Graduate Valin Lianyuan Steel 2024 New Valin Hengyang Steel Tube 2024 New
Red-Themed Education Program Employee Welcome Gala Graduate Outdoor Team-Building
3 Ph.D. holders, 13 master's graduates, and 168 bachelor's degree holders. Ph.D. recruits receive contract- Activities
2
based salaries, 288 m luxury furnished residences, relocation allowances, and dedicated research studios
with funding and autonomous project direction. The "Nurturing Excellence Initiative" provides a robust
platform for top talent development.
Valin Xiangtan Steel 2024 New Valin Lianyuan Steel 2024 New Valin Hengyang Steel Tube 2024 New
Valin Hengyang Steel Tube Graduate Orientation Employee Training Opening Graduate Roundtable Discussion
Ceremony
Valin Hengyang Steel Tube enhanced its recruitment mechanisms and benefits packages to strengthen
Compensation & Benefits
talent acquisition. In 2024, it hired nearly 100 university graduates, including 13 postgraduates and 33
undergraduates—70% from Double First-Class or higher-tier institutions which breaks a historical record.
The company improves the modern enterprise system and continuously optimizes the "strict constraints, strong
Many recruits have assumed critical roles, injecting vigorous momentum into the company's high-quality
incentives" mechanism. It implements a market-oriented salary system where income is linked to performance
development.
indicators. It establishes a salary system based on positions, driven by capabilities, and performance-oriented. It
also establishes an efficient employee performance management system to create a high-performance corporate
culture. The company's strategic indicators are decomposed layer by layer to each position. The results of employee
performance appraisals serve as important bases for human resources decisions such as performance - based
salary calculation, salary adjustment, position adjustment, training, and labor contract renewal. The company
continuously optimizes the internal motivation mechanism of distribution according to contributions, improves
the assessment and incentive mechanism that favors strivers and front - line employees, and reasonably widens
the income distribution gap. It implements the principle of salary change with position change, highlights the
Key Performance
proportion of performance - based salary, and widens the performance - based salary distribution gap. It implements
a differentiated salary system for high-end, sophisticated, and scarce talents and lists them separately to ensure that
435 2 talents can be attracted, retained, and well-utilized.
Total new hires Proportion of total new hires %
Key Performance
618 3
Numbers of fresh graduate recruitment Proportion of fresh graduate recruitment % 100
Social insurance coverage rate: %
153 154
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Valin Xiangtan Steel
Personalized Salary System
Guided by the philosophy of "attracting talent through corporate culture and rewarding talent with
competitive benefits," the company continues to implement its corporate pension plan, during the
Adhere to the principles such as linking the salary level to overall efficiency and effectiveness, and implement
reporting period, leveraging its deferred compensation and long-term incentive functions. Subsidiaries
a personalized salary system. Core executives at the chief level will receive an annual salary system; urgently
continuously improve salary packages for university graduates based on operational needs, adopting a
needed talents will be offered contractual wages; technical and skilled personnel will receive project-based
dual-track probation salary system distinguishing between regular and "Double First-Class" university
commission incentives; employees winning competitions will be granted additional rewards of up to 50,000
graduates. For Ph.D. and high-end talent recruitment, special policies are in place, including assistance
RMB matching their award amounts; and those obtaining professional certifications for specific positions
with spouse employment and children's education. Additionally, the company provides excellent living
will receive allowance incentives—all designed to encourage continuous improvement in professional
and working conditions, including single apartments and free meals, relocation allowances – for Ph.D.
competencies.
graduates: ¥200,000, with additionally a 140–320 m² house, plus ¥1,000/m² renovation subsidy; for
Master's graduates relocation allowances are ¥50,000; and Bachelor's graduates are ¥10,000. This
Valin Lianyuan Steel
Incentive Mechanism for High-tech Talents comprehensive approach ensures a supportive environment for talent retention and development.
To stimulate the vitality of top-tier talents and build an innovation hub, Valin Lianyuan Steel has established
specialized positions including Chief Scientist and Scientist, along with corresponding special allowances -
up to 1 million yuan/year for Chief Scientists and 500,000 yuan/year for Scientists. Currently, the company Diversified Welfare System
has appointed 2 "Lianyuan Scientists", while also providing comprehensive support for high-end talent
development through research funding, dedicated doctoral research studios, and employment opportunities
for family members. Statutory Benefits Additional Benefits Special Benefits
·Meal Allowance
Valin Hengyang Steel Tube
Adhere to "Putting Strivers First" Compensation and Incentive System ·Housing Allowance
We implement "customized packages for individual talents", offering regionally competitive compensation · Mobile Communication
including housing subsidies. Core management and technical professionals are placed on an annual salary Expense Reimbursement
system, while frontline technical staff receive special allowances. Focusing on production bottlenecks, (with limit)
we vigorously promote project-based incentives and labor competition rewards. Active participation in
· Transportation Expense
competitions, achievement applications and patent filings is encouraged through various special awards.
· Five Social Insurances and Reimbursement (with limit)
These multi-pronged measures collectively stimulate innovation and value creation across our talent pool.
Two Housing Funds · Employee High-Cost
· Supplementary Commercial
Supplementary Medical
· Paid Annual Leave Insurance
Insurance
Implement a dual-track incentive system combining company- VAMA · Statutory Holidays · Holiday Benefits
wide performance incentives and key project incentives · Group Accidental Injury
· Parental Leave · Women's Day Care Insurance
The performance incentive applies to all employees and is directly linked to their income through
performance-based pay and year-end bonuses. The project incentive focuses on four core areas: sales · Newborn Baby Gift
growth, inventory control, equipment reliability, and delivery assurance. Special rewards are established,
· Wedding Gift
with flexible bonuses disbursed upon reaching project milestones, creating a sustainable driving mechanism
where "all employees share strategic goals while making breakthroughs in key initiatives."
· Employee Health Checkup
· Hospitalization Care Package
· Birthday Greetings
155 156
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Provide a Value Platform for Strivers
Employee Development
The company has launched the "Shining Steel, Striving Forward" campaign column to showcase the
achievements and dedication of Valin Steel's "Strivers of the Month". By following these role models'
Career Path
footsteps and promoting the striver spirit, we inspire all employees to strengthen their conviction and forge
ahead, accelerating our journey to build a world-class steel enterprise and contribute to the realization of
To inspire employees' enthusiasm and broaden their career development paths, we have established an employee
"Three Highs & Four News" strategic blueprint. Comrade Guo Chunguang has been selected as a candidate
career path that conforms to the long - term development strategy, helping employees achieve sustainable
for the national "Master Craftsman of China" cultivation program.
development on the career platform. At strategic level, the company prioritizes leadership development, talent
cultivation, and institutional innovation as key drivers of internal reform. We implement a dynamic management Shi Shuhua, Director of Plate Product Section at Technology Center of Valin
Xiangtan Steel
mechanism where "leaders can be promoted or reassigned, and employees can be recruited or dismissed," ensuring
continuous organizational vitality. "Flowing water never stagnates; a moving hinge never rusts." Only through
He led his team to complete the R&D and certification of 29 product varieties, including 210 mm rack
constant motion can an organization sustain its vigor and vitality.
steel, 7Ni steel, and 100 mm crack-arrest steel, helping Valin Xiangtan Steel's heavy plates achieve
full coverage of high-end product specifications. Among them, seven products such as the 150mm
Talent Echelon Development
FH36 extra-thick low-temperature ship plate were launched in China for the first time and replaced
imports. The newly developed Q690GJC high-strength building steel was applied in batches for
We revised and issued theE mployee Career Development Pathway Management Guidelines to optimize the first time in China at the Bao'an Workers' Cultural Palace; 420MPa ultra-high-strength offshore
the "top-level design" for technical and skilled talent, breaking career growth ceilings and bridging the engineering steel was exclusively supplied to the Haiji No. 2 project, Asia's first deep-water jacket,
gap between technical and managerial tracks. This provides expanded development opportunities while promoting the extension of the plate product structure to the high end of the industrial and value
systematically building a multi-tiered talent pipeline. For example, Valin Xiangtan Steel has refined selection chains.
criteria and corresponding ranks for positions such as Chief Expert, Senior Chief Expert, Chief Craftsman,
Senior Chief Craftsman, Master Craftsman, while clearly defining promotion requirements for principal-level Nie Xianfeng, Minister of Procurement Department of Valin Lianyuan Steel
roles.
Nie Xianfeng led his team to actively respond to the severe market challenges and boldly innovated
the procurement model. All annual indicators have made comprehensive progress. Among them,
Green Interaction
the procurement prices of domestic ore, pellet ore, and scrap steel have significantly improved
compared with the industry average. The cost reduction of equipment and materials procurement
has achieved obvious benefits compared with the same period last year, yielding good results. He
We have established seamless transition pathways across career development tracks, diversifying growth
measured the market with his footsteps and set an example with his actions. He visited more than
options to enable versatile talent to navigate freely among management, technical, skilled, and operational
100 key and strategic customers throughout the year, increasing the supply channels by more than
channels. This eliminates the "thousand troops crowding a single-log bridge" phenomenon, ensuring every
30%. He went to the site more than twice a week to understand the usage effects, achieving synergy
talent type can realize their unique value within the enterprise. For instance, Valin Lianyuan Steel build a
among market resources, on-site usage, and system cost reduction.
"1+3" Career Advancement System (integrating management, technical, skilled, and operational paths),
which actively expands development space for multidisciplinary professionals.
Liu Gongwei, Deputy Section Chief of Technical Service Department of Valin
Hengyang Steel Tube Sales Company
Rotation and Exchange
Liu Gongwei has been deeply involved in the field of oil drilling. With his professional skills, he
ensures the stable operation of Valin Hengyang Steel Tube's high-end oil casings under complex
We have implemented diversified job rotation initiatives to broaden development pathways for young geological conditions. Valin Hengyang Steel Tube's products have continuously broken the limits of
employees, enhance their strategic perspective and comprehensive capabilities, and build a multi-skilled deep-well drilling, setting milestone records such as the domestic 10,000 - meter deep well and the
talent pool. For instance, Valin Hengyang Steel has introduced institutional regulations such asE mployee "Underground Everest" of the large-inclination carbonate rock well in Asia. He has written several
Rotation & Exchange Management Policy,S election andA ppointment Guidelines for Section-Level monographs on oil pipes and efficiently solved technical problems in domestic and foreign oilfields.
Personnel; developed a digital case management platform covering five core disciplines, like steelmaking, He has helped Valin Hengyang Steel Tube continuously increase its market share in the oil casing
pipe rolling, mechanical engineering, electrical systems and integrated management, to achieve in-depth market, ranking first in the country in CNPC's oil casing tenders, and has achieved a leading position
knowledge sharing and effective corporate wisdom transfer. in the industry in the R&D and application of non-API ultra-deep well oil casing technology.
157 158
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Diversify Training Valin Steel
The company focuses on the strategic goal of building a world-class steel enterprise, prioritizes "four modernizations"
During the reporting period, the company conducted corporate-level technical training programs, management
transformation which are premiumization, digitalization, greening, and servitization – by implementing tiered,
training, and skills-based training, providing 1,600 training sessions for key personnel in areas such as system
diversified, and targeted training programs. Focuses on building three teams to provide strong support for the high-
management standards, production process standards, and equipment knowledge.Additionally, the company
quality development of the enterprise. Among them, it scientifically and systematically constructs a leadership
organized 25 vocational skill certification training courses across various proficiency levels. The company won
training system, vigorously conducts training for senior/middle managers to improve their political acumen, business
Team Third Place in the 11th "Shagang Cup" National Steel Industry Vocational Skills Competition, with all four
management ability, and digital transformation capabilities; closely follows the company's management reform and
participating specialists awarded the title of "National Steel Industry Technical Expert"; also won Team Second Prize
innovation to conduct training for professional management talents to improve their professional ability; focuses
in the 2nd Metallurgical Industry Metrology and Calibration Personnel Skills Competition.
on cultivating innovative thinking, craftsmanship spirit, and professional ability to conduct training for technical
and skilled talents to improve their technological innovation ability. It adheres to the combination of individual
self-directed learning with organizational programs, organizes employee training, and actively selects outstanding
Valin Lianyuan Steel
employees to participate in external training to meet the personalized training needs of employees.
Overseeing the entire technical renovation project training process to facilitate production and efficiency targets: The
Corporate strategy and culture education. Strengthened dissemination of corporate strategy
training process management of technical renovation projects such as the 150MW super-critical power generation
and culture, conducting crisis awareness training during industry downturns.
project of the Energy General Plant and the environmental protection upgrade project of the stockyard in the Iron-
Safety awareness education. Organized comprehensive safety training for safety management making Plant was supervised respectively. Through a combination of internal and external training, employees were
personnel, special operation personnel, new employees, etc. enabled to familiarize themselves with and master new processes and skills. Among them, the Energy General Plant
sent two batches of more than 23 people to Leiyang Power Plant in Hengyang and Guangxi Shenglong Iron and Steel
Customer and quality awareness education. Extensive rotation training on customer and quality for one month on-site follow-up internships respectively, and the Iron-making Plant sent two batches of 49 people
awareness, quality knowledge lectures, etc. were carried out. to Kunming Iron and Steel for nine-day on-site follow-up internships respectively, providing effective support for the
technical renovation projects.
Environmental awareness education. Delivered training on energy and environmental
protection business processes and relevant systems, carbon emission management, new
environmental protection technologies, etc.
Valin Hengyang Steel Tube
Confidentiality and legal awareness education. Actively organized confidentiality knowledge
education, general science legal knowledge lectures, etc.
Adhere to the "Three Horizontal and Three ertical" layout for cultivation work. Horizontally, it covers three major
sequences of "business management, professional technology, and operational skills"; vertically, it meets the three
levels of "beginner, intermediate, and advanced" for the improvement of employees' qualities and performance
abilities. Gradually clarifies job responsibilities and "set standards" for performance abilities. At the same time,
conduct talent inventory for key positions and "implement standards" for key targets, and promote "meeting
Key Performance
standards" through three-dimensional training and cultivation.
Training duration Number of training programs VAMA
277,731 1,425
hours Through the implementation of tiered thematic training, the professional skills and knowledge levels of employees
have been significantly improved, laying a solid talent foundation for the advancement of VAMA's sustainable
development strategy. To continuously enhance the professional capabilities and knowledge levels of VAMA
Employees regularly receiving performance
employees and strengthen talent cultivation and talent team building, VAMA constructed and implemented
Employee training coverage rate and career development assessments
learning maps for the management sequence and electrical engineer positions in 2024. Through activities such as
100 100
professional position competitions, skill certifications, and mentoring programs, the personal growth of employees
% %
has been effectively promoted, achieving the goal of common development between the enterprise and employees.
159 160
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Employee Care
Widely Listen to Employees' Opinions and Implement the Rights and Obligations of the Employees'
Congress
The company makes every effort to promote grass-roots democratic management, establishes and
Right and Interests Protection
improves a grass-roots democratic management system with the employees' congress as the basic form.
For hot and difficult issues that employees are concerned about, such as capital construction, leadership
The company upholds the core value of "employee-centricity" and safeguards employees' fundamental rights. By
appointment, and salary treatment, as well as matters related to employees' immediate interests, the
establishing diverse and open communication channels, implementing long-term performance-based incentive
company listens to employees' opinions in advance and accepts employees' supervision afterwards,
systems, and continuously improving the employee benefits and care framework, the company enhances
ensuring employees' right to know and right to participate to the greatest extent.
workforce engagement and fosters a strong sense of belonging among employees.
Effectively safeguard the rights and interests of employees. Conduct equal consultations and sign the
The Company respects employees' freedom of association and speech. In accordance with theT rade Union Law of
collective wage negotiation agreement and collective contract for the year 2025. Actively carry out the
the People's Republic of China and theC ollective Contract Provisions, we have implemented a constructive two-
mediation work of employees' labor disputes and provide legal aid in a timely manner. The trade union
way communication mechanism and established diversified democratic platforms for employee engagement. The
of the 5-meter Heavy Plate Mill won the title of "National Model Workers' Small Family", and Comrade
Company's labor union serves as an effective channel for communication between employees and management.
Wang Chunhua won the title of "National Outstanding Trade Union Worker".
Through various avenues such as employee congresses and staff representative proposals, we actively address
employee concerns and grievances. During the reporting period, Valin Steel convened the 2025 Collective Contract Implement and conduct employee satisfaction surveys
Negotiation Meeting, successfully completing all procedures including contract negotiations, signing, anonymous
voting, regulatory submission, and public announcement. The Company holds regular employee forums to listen to The company comprehensively investigates and understands employees' feelings from aspects such as
staff feedback, collects quarterly feedback on logistics and union services, processed 232 insurance claims with an corporate culture, career planning, and office and living environment. The purpose of the survey is to
80% settlement rate. Facilitated mutual aid agreements between active and retired employees to enhance medical discover the achievements and deficiencies of the company in employee care work. For the items with
coverage, providing dual-layer health protection low scores in the survey, the company plans to carry out corresponding improvement and adjustment
work to continuously create a more comfortable and user-friendly working environment for employees.
During the reporting period, the employee satisfaction of the company increased year-on-year.
Key Performance
Proportion of Valin Steel active employees among Collective agreement participation
100 100
union members % coverage rate %
100
Labor contract execution rate %
Conduct equal consultations and sign the annual collective Employee representatives conduct democratic evaluations and
wage negotiation agreement and collective contract score the leading leaders of their respective units
Democratic Management
The company facilitates democratic employee representation through fair elections, empowering staff to actively
participate in corporate governance. To safeguard employees' rights to information, participation, expression and
oversight, we maintain multiple feedback channels including anonymous suggestion boxes, dedicated hotlines,
regular satisfaction surveys, ad-hoc employee forums and enhanced whistleblowing mechanisms. These unimpeded
grievance channels foster collaborative labor relations, ensuring all concerns receive prompt attention.
Employees exercise their legal rights at the employees' congress The subsidiaries voted to elect the members of the 7th Female
Employees' Committee of the trade union
161 162
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Employee care
Condolences to employees in difficulty
The company wholeheartedly serves as the caring person for employees, does good deeds and practical things
well, and further enhances employees' sense of gain, happiness and security. Through activities such as home visits
and care to send warmth, and the establishment of subsidies for employees in difficulty and to send warmth, the
company helps employees tide over difficulties. During the reporting period, the company carried out home visits
and condolence to send warmth activities, condoling nearly a thousand times to model workers, craftsmen, united
front objects and employees in difficulty. Hold a safety production meeting for female employees Carry out a health lecture for female employees titled "A Healthy
Life Starts from the Heart"
Enriching Recreational Activities
The company is committed to sharing its development achievements with employees by increasing investments to
improve the working environment, building facilities such as staff recreation centers and eco-friendly parking lots,
Support to employees in difficulty Warmly organize employee assistance
and organizing a variety of cultural and sports activities. These efforts continuously enhance employees' sense of
happiness, fulfillment, and belonging.
Care for female During the reporting period, the company hosted traditional events such as basketball and badminton tournaments,
as well as employee fitness runs. These activities effectively strengthened communication among staff, fostered a
positive atmosphere, and boosted team vitality.
The company strictly complies with relevant local laws, regulations, and international conventions, upholds
workforce diversity, and ensures employment equity between male and female employees. It actively implements
theS pecial Provisions on Labor Protection for Female Employees in Hunan Province to safeguard women's rights
such as maternity leave and breastfeeding leave. During the reporting period, the company organized a "Knowledge
Competition on Female Employees' Rights Protection and Occupational Safety & Health" to enhance women's
understanding of relevant laws and regulations. This initiative played a significant role in empowering the Women's
Committee to protect female employees' legitimate rights and fostered a positive atmosphere of care for female
workers. Additionally, the company held specialized events such as the "Female Employees' Rights Protection Action
Month", International Women's Day celebrations, and healthcare knowledge lectures for female employees. It also
arranged gynecological and breast cancer screenings for female staff and encouraged their participation in mutual
aid programs for special diseases affecting women. These efforts have built a protective barrier for female employees
Participated in the Hunan Provincial employee reading Organized the 2025 Spring Festival Fellowship Gala
against major health risks. program "The Reader" Grand Showcase Event
Performed a dance routine at Xiangtan City's Spring Festival Won Third Prize in the "Chinese Dream · Labor's Beauty"
Organized "Charming Reading · Wonderful Steel City" female Participate in the quality education improvement course for Gala National Employee Workplace Exercise Competition
employee family theme forum female employees
163 164
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Hosted the "Striving for Excellence, Celebrating the Held a National Day Staff Variety Show with singing and
Successfully defended the championship title at the 2024 Claimed Second Prize in the 2024 Provincial Nonferrous Anniversary" Employees' Calligraphy & Painting Competition dancing to celebrate the holiday
Zhuzhou Factory BA Basketball Tournament Metallurgy, Machinery & Building Materials Industry Employees'
Gas Volleyball Competition
Organized the "Saluting the Motherland, Singing the Anthem of Endeavor" Lawn Choral Concert
Competed in the 7th 2024 Loudi Municipal Directly-affiliated Participate in the 2024 Employees' Table Tennis Competition
Units Employees' Volleyball Tournament
Health and Safety
Health Management
The company has always regarded ensuring the occupational health and safety of employees as the top priority in its
production and business activities. The company continuously improves the construction of its internal system. Its
subsidiaries, Valin Xiangtan Steel, Valin Lianyuan Steel, Valin Hengyang Steel Tube, Yangchun New Steel, and VAMA,
passed the certification of the GB/T45001 or GB/T28001 Occupational Health and Safety Management System in
2018, 2003, 2002, 2011, and 2015 respectively.
The company prioritizes the life safety and occupational health of every employee. In accordance with the "One List,
Four Mechanisms" requirements for major accident hazard management, we have developed and implemented
Participated in the 2024 Soccer Friendly Match Joined the 2024 "Greeting the New Spring" Greenway Mini rigorous hazard control plans. Key focus areas include specialized rectification efforts for hazardous chemicals, high-
Marathon Race temperature molten metals, gas-related risks, and confined spaces, as well as enhanced safety measures during
critical periods covering production safety, fire safety, traffic safety, and hazardous waste management. These
initiatives effectively safeguard frontline production employees' occupational safety and minimize potential hazards.
165 166
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
During the reporting period, the company carried out safety inspections, organized an all-year-round campaign to
Work Safety
combat illegal behaviors, and investigated and rectified major potential safety production accidents; deepened the
"Ankang Cup" competition, carried out safety standardization and safety benchmark team competition activities to
Ensuring the safety of employees and production is the primary task that Valin Steel adheres to. The company always
further enhance the safety awareness of teams; set up a bulletin board for occupational disease hazards, regularly
maintains 100% compliance with regulations, strictly abides by the requirements of laws and regulations such as
organized training on occupational disease knowledge, and conducted occupational disease physical examinations
theW ork Safety Law of the People's Republic of China, theR egulations on Work Safety of Hunan Province, and the
for newly recruited and departing employees to effectively screen for occupational diseases; established
Law of the People's Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases. It always adheres to
occupational health monitoring files for employees, timely tracked the occupational health status of employees,
the principles of "visible leadership, line responsibility, and full-staff participation" and firmly shoulders the main
and organized employee health examinations, female employee examinations, occupational health examinations,
responsibility for enterprise work safety. During the reporting period, the company has taken strict measures in
and psychological health consultations in stages; increased the summer high-temperature allowance, carried
work safety, strengthened the work safety responsibility system, introduced decisive measures for work safety, and
out activities such as sending coolness and condoling difficult employees; increased labor protection supplies
effectively carried out the investigation and rectification of potential hazards in areas such as engineering projects,
and carried out relevant emergency rescue drills to enhance employees' ability to respond and self-protect in
hazardous chemicals, and fire protection. The work safety situation has gradually stabilized, and no major or above
emergencies.
work safety accidents have occurred. VAMA has created a safety record with a lost - time injury frequency of 0.25
per million working hours. It has won honors such as the Advanced Unit in Work Safety and the Advanced Unit in
Key Performance
Occupational Health Management awarded by the Hunan Occupational Safety and Health Association and the
Hunan Work Safety Society, and the "Good Unit in Safety and Law - Abiding" in Loudi City. The high - speed wire
100
rolling workshop of Yangchun New Steel has won the "National Youth Work Safety Demonstration Post".
Occupational health examination coverage rate %
Carry out in-depth investigation and governance of potential hazards and risk classification
management and control to promote the complete elimination of major potential hazards. Conduct
a comprehensive re-identification of hazard sources, division of work activities, and pre-prediction
and pre - control of work activities.
Regularly organize the business management department to review the work safety qualifications
and conditions of contracting and subcontracting units, and strengthen the safety management of
external contractors.
Carry out special safety rectifications for belt conveyors, scaffolding climbing facilities, lifting
equipment, and isolation of dangerous areas to improve the intrinsic safety level of the site.
Strengthen safety education and training, implement internal qualification certification for safety
management of shift supervisors, duty officers, inspectors, and supervisors. Conduct safety
Recognized as "Advanced Unit in Occupational Conducted "Summer Cooling Care" initiative for employees
Health Management" for 2024 education and training by profession and category to enhance safety awareness and skills.
Key Performance
0
Major or above-level production safety incidents:
100 1,009
Work safety training rate % Work safety liability insurance invested million RMB
Organized corporate campaigns including the "Occupational Disease Prevention Awareness Month", featuring promotional events,
specialized training, and knowledge competitions
167 168
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Work Safety Management Structure
The company has established a Work Safety Management Committee, with the chairman as the director, the deputy
general manager in charge as the deputy director, and the deputy general managers in charge of each subsidiary
as members, effectively strengthening the organization and leadership of work safety. The company has signed the
Work Safety Target Responsibility Letter with each subsidiary, conducts monthly assessments, effectively implements
the work safety responsibility system, links safety performance with monthly and annual performance, and forms a
work safety management network that runs through vertically and is connected horizontally within the company.
Successfully passed the
VAMA won the title of Advanced Unit in Work Formulate and issue the Notice on
second-level work safety
Corporate Office Safety in 2024 Strengthening the High-Risk Operations
standardization review
organized by the Hunan
Emergency Management
Department.
Valin Steel Work Safety
Strategic Development
Management Framework
Department
Work Safety Responsibility Evaluation
Corporate Work Safety
Committ Finance Department The company has refined its work safety accountability system and evaluation mechanism, implementing a linked-
Chairman: Board Chairman point working system for the Safety Committee to strengthen supervision, guidance, and support for subsidiaries
Functional Departments and secondary units in work safety and occupational health. A grid-based safety management approach has
been adopted to reinforce accountability at the most granular operational levels. During the reporting period, the
Securities Department
Work Safety Committee company continued to focus on work safety, strengthened the work safety responsibility system, introduced decisive
Ofice measures for work safety, and effectively carried out hidden danger investigation and rectification in areas such as
Director: Deputy General engineering projects, hazardous chemicals, and fire protection. The work safety situation has gradually stabilized.
Manager Audit & Risk Control
Deputy Director: Head of Department (Legal Affairs
Special Topic
Safety & Environmental Department) Linking Work Safety Performance with the Performance of Subsidiary Management
Protection Department
Human Resources & The compensation package for the leadership team of subsidiaries consists of a base annual salary,
Enterprise Management performance-based annual bonus, excess profit incentive, three-year tenure incentive, and special rewards/
Department penalties. Among these, theH unan Valin Steel Co., Ltd. Work Safety Management Measures serve as a key
component of the special rewards/penalties. To achieve work safety objectives, the company implements a
Decision-Making Level
work safety target responsibility system. An annual Work Safety Target Responsibility Agreement is signed,
effective from January 1 to December 31 each year. The agreement primarily includes compliance with
Subsidiary-Level Work
national safety laws and regulations, implementation of the company's work safety responsibility system
Safety Committees
and various safety management policies, as well as the work safety targets of the responsible units. If a
subsidiary fails to meet the work safety responsibility targets assigned by the company, the assessment of
the subsidiary's management will be determined by the company's board of directors. Disciplinary actions
may include performance penalties or organizational measures.
Oversight &
Safety & Environmental
Administration
Protection Department
Departments
Decision-Making Level
169 170
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Third-Party Units Safety Management
promptly held a work meeting to clarify responsible units for rectification, assigned tasks item by item, and
The company has established corresponding safety regulations for contractors or third-party units undertaking carried out corrections in strict accordance with requirements to eliminate hazards in a timely manner. As
business, including the Related Party Management Procedures, Labor Employment Safety Management Measures, of now, all 9 major accident hazards have been rectified, and 150 out of the 156 general hazards have been
and Outsourced Projects and Labor Safety Management System. These measures aim to implement and strengthen addressed. The remaining issues will be resolved during the medium repair of the No. 8 blast furnace and its
third-party management in key areas such as fulfillment of primary safety production responsibilities, development auxiliary facilities.
of safety production management systems, management processes and qualification reviews for related parties,
performance evaluation of related parties, documentation and record-keeping management, and safety technical
training management.These systems ensure comprehensive oversight and accountability for all external partners
engaged in the company's operations.
Standardize Third-Party Qualification Review
Conduct strict audits of third-party safety qualifications and professional capabilities to ensure
compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.
Enhance Safety Training and Education
Provide systematic safety training for third-party personnel to improve their safety awareness and
operational skills.
Safety Management Special Lecture Training on relevant requirements for hazardous operations and
accident cases
Strengthen On-Site Safety Supervision
Assign dedicated supervisors at third-party work sites to ensure proper implementation of safety
measures.
Safety Training and Emergency Drills
To enhance employees' awareness of safety precautions and improve their safety knowledge, the company
formulates an annual safety training plan and regularly organizes training. By implementing the main responsibilities
of each department and at each level, it ensures that safety investment, safety training, safety management,
"Bringing Workplace Safety Laws, Regulations, and Typical Gas holder emergency drill & emergency response skills
emergency rescue, and assessment implementation are all in place. It constructs a long-term mechanism for work
Accident Case Studies to the Grassroots Level and Work Teams" competition
safety, continuously conducts warning education on safety accidents, reduces and eliminates major safety accidents, Initiative
correctly handles the relationship between safety and benefits, protects the safety and health of employees at the
production site, and realizes a safe Valin.
Case Implementing Immediate Rectification for Safety Hazards
On April 25-26, the Loudi Municipal Emergency Management Bureau organized experts from the Wuhan
Safety and Environmental Protection Research Institute of China Metallurgical Group Corporation to
conduct a "diagnostic-style" inspection of major accident hazards at Valin Lianyuan Steel ironmaking plant,
210 converter plant, No. 1 steelmaking and rolling plant, coking plant, and energy complex. A total of 165
hazards were identified (including 9 major accident hazards and 156 general hazards). Valin Lianyuan Steel Positive incentives for the safety short-video activity during the Emergency drill
Safety Production Month
171 172
05
Gather Goodwill
Spread Warmth
Valin Steel consistently upholds high social responsibility and strong business ethics as core
Rural Revitalization 165
operational standards. While driving robust business growth, the company actively explores
Social Welfare 168
pathways for harmonious coexistence between enterprise and society. We take proactive
steps to fulfill corporate social responsibilities by supporting rural revitalization initiatives,
act as a responsible corporate citizen, meeting all societal obligations, encourage employee
participation in diverse public welfare and volunteer programs, contribute meaningfully to
building a more equitable and sustainable society
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Rural Revitalization raising base of the economic cooperative in Tongxihe Village, coordinate the construction of the barbecue
seasoning ingredient processing factory and the rooftop distributed photovoltaic power generation project,
The company remains steadfast in shouldering, internalizing, and acting upon its social responsibilities. We actively and further promote the development and growth of the village-level collective economy.
contribute to the national "Rural Revitalization" Strategy, rigorously implement the major directives of the CPC
Central Committee and provincial authorities, and fully execute the "Eight Key Initiatives" to drive development Adhere to Diversified Assistance to Build a Bottom-line and Further Consolidate the
Foundation for Rural Revitalization
for assisted villages with genuine commitment, deliver tangible benefits for local communities, establish a new
development framework that unites communities through Party-building leadership, enriches households via
Focusing on preventing people from returning to poverty, it strengthens real-time dynamic monitoring.
industrial development, ensures welfare through enhanced safeguards, revitalizes villages with environmental
It conducts direct assistance through the annual anti-poverty return fund and special funds for industrial
upgrades, and secures livelihoods via effective governance. Through these efforts, we have solidified our frontrunner
assistance. At the same time, it mobilizes Party organizations at all levels within the company, mass
position in rural revitalization, demonstrating the exemplary role of state-owned enterprises.
organizations, and all sectors of society to continuously carry out public welfare activities such as love -
During the reporting period, the company continued to dispatch a work team to assist Tongxihe Village, Xupu based student assistance and poverty relief to supplement the assistance, and makes every effort to create
County, Huaihua City, further strengthening the bottom-line prevention against returning to poverty, developing a diversified and regularized assistance mechanism.
and expanding industries, and improving the living environment. Tongxihe Village has shown great vitality with
"strong infrastructure, prosperous industries, and beautiful villages". In August, after a catastrophic flood caused by
Typhoon Gaemi in Zixing City, Chenzhou City, according to the arrangements of the provincial Party committee and
the provincial government, the company immediately dispatched a work team to Lianping Village. Aiming at the goal
of "Four Connectivities and Three Availabilities", focusing on "Six Assistances", and launching "Three Actions", it
carried out rescue and disaster - relief work and post - disaster reconstruction in an orderly manner, and the normal
production and life in the village quickly resumed.
Build a trial planting demonstration base for fungus Plan and promote the creation of a demonstration village
for the living environment with high standards
Case Valin Steel | On-site Assistance for Rural Revitalization in Tongxihe Village
A diversified assistance system covering poverty assistance, industrial development, facility improvement, Case Valin Steel | Counterpart support for post-disaster reconstruction in Lianping Village
and environmental remediation has been gradually established. In 2024, the collective operating income of
the assisted village reached 2.049 million RMB, a 101% increase compared with the previous year, doubling Actively implementing the Hunan Provincial Government's work plan for providing counterpart support to
for two consecutive years. The on-site assistance work has been fully affirmed by the special research group Zixing City in flood relief efforts, a 16-member disaster relief and reconstruction task force was dispatched,
on "High-quality Development of County-level Economy" of the Policy Research Office of the provincial equipped with 11 sets of large-scale emergency construction machinery. The team worked in Lianping
Party committee. Village of Bamian Mountain Yao Ethnic Township in Zixing City to carry out disaster relief and post-disaster
reconstruction. Three major initiatives—the "Hundred-Day Risk Elimination Campaign," "Warming
Adhere to Diversified Assistance to Build a Bottom-line and Further Consolidate the
Thousands of Disaster-Affected Households," and "Boosting Enterprise Efficiency and Income"—were
Foundation for Rural Revitalization
proactively planned and executed. These efforts significantly advanced the orderly restoration of production
Focusing on preventing people from returning to poverty, it strengthens real-time dynamic monitoring. and daily life in Lianping Village, with the "Steel Speed" of progress earning unanimous recognition from
It conducts direct assistance through the annual anti-poverty return fund and special funds for industrial government authorities at all levels and the local villagers.
assistance. At the same time, it mobilizes Party organizations at all levels within the company, mass
organizations, and all sectors of society to continuously carry out public welfare activities such as love - Implementing the "Hundred-Day Risk Elimination Campaign" to Rapidly Restore Infrastructure
based student assistance and poverty relief to supplement the assistance, and makes every effort to create
a diversified and regularized assistance mechanism.
Through round-the-clock efforts by the reconstruction task force, local governments, and departments, the
Focus on the strong engine of industrial development to further activate the vitality of rural village's canals, roads, and residential areas—buried under nearly two meters of silt—were swiftly cleared,
revitalization removing over 10,000 cubic meters of sand and mud. These restored basic necessities such as electricity,
water supply, road access, and communication ("Four Essentials"). Additionally, township and village
Always adhere to making the characteristic industries bigger and stronger as the key measure. Through
authorities conducted comprehensive safety inspections of all road and bridge infrastructure, organizing
joint village construction and promoting consumption assistance, effectively serve the operation of the
centralized repairs through labor-for-relief programs. These measures effectively ensured safe passage for
agricultural product exhibition and sales center platform built with donated funds. In 2024, the total sales
villagers, facilitated the resumption of operations for local businesses, and supported income generation for
of agricultural products exceeded 1 million yuan. Support the expansion project of the ecological cattle-
residents.
175 176
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Case VAMA | Conducts Targeted Assistance to Hetang Village
Carrying Out the "Warming Thousands of Disaster-Affected Households" Initiative to
Safeguard Basic Livelihoods During the reporting period, VAMA actively fulfilled its social responsibilities and invested 150,000 RMB in
assistance funds. It carried out cultivation and management of the economic fruit forest in Hetang Village,
The team undertook the renovation and construction of 52 temporary housing units for displaced
repaired the water canals, strengthened the water storage capacity of the mountain ponds, and newly
villagers, completing tasks such as debris removal, wall cleaning, installation of utilities and doors/
repaired and renovated 92 street lamps. It coordinated project funds to complete the "white-to-black"
windows, and interior painting. Public facilities including shared kitchens, restrooms, and shower rooms
transformation of the main village-level road in Hetang Village
were added to enhance living conditions. In response to near-total crop failure caused by the floods,
and the guardrail project, significantly improving the road
two rounds of relief supplies—including rice, oil, and flour—were distributed to over 340 households in
traffic capacity and the travel experience of villagers. It created
Lianping Village. After emergency repairs to drinking water facilities in densely populated areas, a safe
a development model of "agriculture + culture + tourism", and
drinking water upgrade project was launched, with full water supply restored before the Lunar New Year.
Hetang Village was awarded the title of the sixth batch of Key
Executing the "Boosting Enterprise Efficiency and Income" Drive to Revitalize Production Rural Tourism Villages in Hunan Province.
Widen and harden partial road sections
Active assistance and coordination were provided to address challenges faced by local enterprises
such as the bamboo products factory in resuming operations, supporting their self-recovery efforts.
Simultaneously, risks such as road collapses and washouts were swiftly addressed, with repairs made
Case Yangchun New Steel | Actively Contributes to Rural Revitalization
to village and forest access roads, ensuring smooth raw material transport and accelerated production
recovery. Following the principle of "early investment,
During the reporting period, Yangchun New Steel actively fulfilled its social responsibilities, implemented
early construction, early benefit," the team facilitated
the arrangements of higher-level authorities, and coordinated the promotion of various rural revitalization
the expedited launch of a distributed photovoltaic power
work. It participated in the "6.30" activity to support rural revitalization in Yangchun City and donated
generation project on the rooftop of the former township
100,000 RMB. It implemented the "Attracting Talents Back
government office. With an installed capacity of 156 kW, the
Home" strategy to help rural areas attract funds and talents
project passed final inspection and is expected to generate
back, promoting the growth, quality improvement, and
annual collective income of 70,000 yuan for the village.
efficiency enhancement of industries, and received unanimous
praise from the local government and the assisted village
committees.
Donations for rural revitalization work
Case Valin Lianyuan Steel | Conducts Targeted Assistance to Xikou Village and Shuangyuan Village
During the reporting period, Valin Lianyuan Steel continued to assist Xikou Village and Shuangyuan Village Social Welfare
in Xingzipu Town, Shuangfeng County in rural revitalization. It invested 1.4 million RMB in assistance funds,
mainly used for improving infrastructure construction, developing rural tourism industries, consolidating
Leveraging its resources and platform advantages, Valin Steel organizes various volunteer and charitable initiatives,
the achievements of poverty alleviation, and vigorously
including donations, educational support, blood drives, and community services. The company encourages
promoting the rural revitalization strategy, achieving
employees to actively participate in community development, fostering a mutually beneficial cycle with surrounding
good results and benefiting 903 households with 2,578
neighborhoods and promoting sustainable community growth.
people. The assisted villages were successfully rated as the
provincial-level "Shuifu Xikou Tourism Resort", and were During the reporting period, the company championed progressive social values as an advocate, practitioner, and
highly evaluated by the local government and praised by role model, vigorously promoting the volunteer spirit of "dedication, friendship, mutual assistance, and progress."
the villagers. Initiatives included one-on-one educational assistance, campaigns inspired by Lei Feng's spirit, public awareness
The rural road is being widened
activities on voluntary blood donation, and organized blood drives. Through diverse philanthropic efforts, Valin Steel
contributed its strength to society.
177 178
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Community convenience services Public Welfare Volunteer Activities
Poverty Alleviation & Education Support Initiatives Providing haircut services for community residents Conducting Children's Day safety education public welfare events Young league members participate in
"March 5th Learn-from-Lei-Feng Day,
Youth Talent Jointly Plants 'Youth
Forest'" activity
Love-for-Learning Assistance Programs Voluntary Blood Donation Drives
"Golden Autumn Aid" initiative helps employees' children pursue their educational dreams
Launching the "Orange Care, Mystery Box Education Support" campaign Organizing group unpaid blood donation charity events
179 180
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
ESG Management
Corporate Governance
Business Ethics & Anti-Corruption
On-site Inspections / Field Research
Pollutant Emissions
Regular Communication
Resource & Energy Usage
Stakeholder Engagement Government / Regulatory Periodic Disclosure Reporting
Greenhouse Gas Emissions
Authorities
Waste Disposal
Hunan Valin Steel consistently adheres to the management philosophy of "Progress Leads the Future," continuously
enhancing the company's ESG governance while actively addressing the needs and expectations of various
Rural Revitalization Press Releases / Public Notices
stakeholders to promptly adjust its development strategies.
Community Engagement Volunteer Services
Volunteer Activities Scheduled & Ad-hoc Community
Currently, we have identified six key stakeholder groups that maintain close ties with the company and possess
Community Philanthropy & Charity Dialogues
significant decision-making influence. The company has established regular communication mechanisms to listen
to stakeholders' opinions and provide responsive feedback through multiple channels. During the reporting period,
Valin Steel's engagement approaches and responses to issues of concern for different stakeholders were as follows:
Identification Key Topics
Communication &
Stakeholders Focused Topics
Engagement Aligned with our ESG development strategy and stakeholder expectations regarding environmental, social
responsibility, and corporate governance, we conducted an in-depth analysis of industry priorities to identify and
Shareholders' Meetings / Extraordinary categorize 25 key ESG topics. Among these, 10 high-priority issues – including corporate governance, business ethics
Corporate Governance General Meetings
& anti-corruption, and energy management – will receive focused disclosure and response in this report.
Business Ethics & Anti-Corruption Earnings Briefings
Product Quality Assurance Press Releases / Announcements /
Technology & Product Innovation Annual Reports
Shareholders / Investors Roadshows Community Topics Employment Topics
Investor Exchange Events Supply Chain Topics Rural revitalization
Community engagement Employee compensation & benefits
Supplier audits
Volunteer initiatives Occupational health & safety
Green supply chain
Public welfare and Charity Employee promotion
Employee Compensation & Benefits
Employee Congress
Occupational Health & Safety Employee training
Employee Satisfaction Surveys
Career Advancement Humanistic care
Employee Dialogues
Employee Training
Staff Activities
Employees Humanistic Care
Operational Topics
Product quality assurance
Technology & product
Public welfare and Charity
innovation
Business Ethics & Anti-Corruption Water resource management
Supplier Training Intellectual property Governance Topics
Supplier Audits Supplier Audit / Evaluation management Circular economy
Green Supply Chain Industry Conference Participation Customer service Energy management Corporate governance
Intellectual Property Management
Suppliers / Partners Pollutant emissions Business ethics & anti-
Greenhouse gas emissions corruption
General solid waste disposal
Hazardous waste disposal
Product Quality Assurance Noise reduction
Customer Satisfaction Surveys
Technology & Product Innovation Climate change risk
Customer Complaint
Customer Service Ecosystem & biodiversity
Customers
Note: Bolded items indicate high-priority
conservation
topics
181 182
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Future Outlook
General Secretary Xi Jinping pointed out that the manufacturing sector serves as the lifeblood of a nation's in product variety, quality, and efficiency.Second, focusing on Digital-Intelligent Transformation to achieve high-level
economy, the foundation of national strength, and the cornerstone of prosperity. It must remain robust, as China smart manufacturing. Supported by the steel industry's large-scale model, we will accelerate the implementation
can never afford to be without a strong manufacturing base. China's steel industry possesses formidable global of smart manufacturing projects, expand the application of digital-intelligent scenarios, and promote the adoption
competitiveness, producing "high-quality yet affordable" products that empower Chinese manufacturing to go of over 10 new digital-intelligent use cases. We will systematically advance the development of a digital ecosystem,
global. Currently, adverse impacts from changing external conditions are intensifying, with China's economic strengthen data management and utilization, and further improve the digitalization rate.Third, leveraging extreme
operations still facing multiple challenges. Nevertheless, the fundamentals of China's economy remain stable— benchmarking to enhance production line capabilities. By benchmarking against historical bests and industry
boasting multiple advantages, remarkable resilience, and vast potential. The supporting conditions and overarching leaders, we will target weaknesses and shortcomings with precision, strengthen lean production and process
trend of long-term growth remain unchanged. From an industry perspective, the sector is undergoing profound management, and strive to achieve best-in-class energy efficiency in key processes. We aim to keep hot metal costs
restructuring, with the "three highs and three lows" pattern persisting. The future will involve prolonged stock below the industry average, continuously optimize technical and economic indicators, and drive underperforming
competition and contractionary development, accompanied by intensifying industry rivalry. Simultaneously, new areas to catch up while pushing high-performing areas to excel further. Additionally, we will persistently reduce
trends are emerging - green and low-carbon transition has become an imperative path, with pollution reduction, procurement costs while ensuring supply stability, optimize sourcing structures, expand resource channels, improve
carbon mitigation, and green transformation forming the main thrust of steel enterprises' development. Digital centralized procurement information systems, and enhance procurement quality and efficiency.
and intelligent transformation presents enormous potential and remains a key focus for progress. Steel demand is
Emphasize strengthening the foundation and improving the level of work safety and green and low-carbon
shifting from structural to functional requirements, with needs for higher strength, superior corrosion resistance, and
development.
enhanced wear resistance becoming mainstream.
Work safety and stability are the foundation of development, and green and low-carbon are the guarantee of
In 2025, the company will maintain its strategic focus and further refine its three strategic pillars – lean production,
sustainability. Emphasize strengthening the foundation to build a safe and stable environment for high-quality
integrated sales-R&D-production, and marketing services. Continuing to target high-end, green, and intelligent
development.First, strive to promote continuous improvement in work safety. Strictly implement the work safety
development, we will strive to lead and set benchmarks in product R&D, brand building, technological innovation,
responsibility system, strengthen work safety awareness, and improve the intrinsic safety level. Improve the
and internal reform, securing our position in the industry's top tier. Aligned with the phased objectives of our 14th
construction of the work safety information management platform, strengthen the management and investigation
Five-Year Plan, the company's key priorities for 2025 include:
of safety hazards, and achieve a comprehensive upgrade of human, physical and technical defenses. Keep a close
Focus on product upgrading and enhance core competitiveness through innovation. eye on key areas and important links, increase the safety supervision of technological transformation construction,
inspection and maintenance, and external contractors, strengthen the management of the "blacklist" of relevant
Adhering to the principles that "science and technology are the primary productive forces, talent the fundamental
parties, and maintain a safe and stable production environment.Accelerating the pace of green and low-carbon
resource, and innovation the key driver," we will continuously cultivate new momentum for high-quality
development. We will concentrate financial and technological resources to achieve ultra-low emissions upgrades,
development.First, further give play to the role of the industry-academia-research collaboration platform.
ensuring high-quality completion and public disclosure of projects on schedule while maintaining the economic
Strengthen the integration across industry, university, research and application, gather internal and external
and safe operation of environmental protection facilities. Resolute efforts will be made to address environmental
intellectual resources, promote the research on forward-looking, fundamental and key common technologies in steel
issues, ensuring the effective implementation of all corrective measures. To advance low-carbon development, we
manufacturing, upgrade the quality of innovation platforms, strengthen the protection of intellectual property rights,
will leverage the Green and Low-Carbon Research Center to accelerate roadmap studies, strengthen carbon asset
and improve the quality of patents.Second, accelerating "High-End + Differentiated" R&D innovation. Deepen the
management, and promote green product certification, thereby further enhancing the outcomes of sustainable and
IPD-based integrated sales-R&D-production system, focus on demands from major equipment manufacturing and
low-carbon initiatives.
strategic emerging industries, accelerate development of high-end products such as steel for shipbuilding & offshore
engineering, cryogenic pressure vessel steel, high-grade electrical steel, ultra-deep well threaded connections, as Continuously deepen reforms and continuously stimulate the driving force and vitality of development.
well as high-end special-purpose and special-use products. Develop 10-15 import-substituting premium steel grades,
Thoroughly implement the arrangements for state-owned enterprise reform made by the Third Plenary Session of
increase sales proportion of key high-end products.Third, further strengthen the construction of the technical and
the 20th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, continuously deepen the reform, and inject strong
high-skilled talent team. Improve the talent management mechanism, increase the introduction of high-level talents,
impetus into high-quality development.First, enhancing corporate governance efficiency to create value. While
innovate the talent cultivation and utilization models, improve the evaluation system for R&D talents, and optimize
maintaining strong profitability and growth prospects, we will continue to strengthen information disclosure and
the talent growth channels. Promote craftsmanship sipirit and make preparations for the industry skills competition.
investor relations management. In line with the State Council's "New Nine Guidelines" and the CSRC's requirements
Strengthen lean production and comprehensively improve production quality and efficiency. on market value management, we will formulate and implement a plan to enhance the market value of listed
companies, invigorating market dynamism and boosting investment value. Furthermore, adhering to the revised
Accelerate the implementation of digital and intelligent upgrading and iterative renewal of production line
Company Law regarding corporate governance optimization, we will advance the reform of the board of supervisors,
equipment, promote stable production and high efficiency, and provide strong support for high-quality development
improve internal audit and oversight mechanisms, and ensure effective fulfillment of supervisory functions in
with extreme cost reduction and extreme energy efficiency.The first is to leverage technological renovation projects
listed companies.Second, deepening institutional reforms to enhance vitality. We will strengthen the principle of
as a driving force to boost production quality and efficiency to first-class standards. This includes accelerating the
reform serving production and operations, adhering to "rigid constraints and strong incentives" and "eliminating
construction of key projects such as the sheet finishing and surface treatment center at Valin Xiangtan Steel, the
the bottom performers." By adopting a "categorized, tiered, and customized" approach to formulate performance
third phase of the bar finishing line, the first stage of the second phase of silicon steel production at Valin Lianyuan
evaluation indicators, we will optimize the performance management system and unleash the innovative potential of
Steel, the high-end home appliance steel sheet production in the cold-rolling plant, and the extra-large diameter
all employees. Furthermore, we will continue to advance the "Three Systems" reform to improve labor productivity.
continuous rolling pipe project at Valin Hengyang Steel Tube. These initiatives aim to swiftly achieve full production
capacity and desired outcomes, enhance premium manufacturing capabilities, and drive continuous improvement
183 184
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Attachment: Honor Display of Valin Steel in Product manufacturing
Valin Hengyang Steel
2021 Measurement System Certificate
Previous Years (2021 - 2023) Tube
2021 Outstanding Contribution Award of Dongfeng Nissan CSP VAMA
Product manufacturing
2021 Selected as the "Leader" of Enterprise Standards in 2021 VAMA
The high-strength wear-resistant steel for construction machinery passed the
2021 Valin Xinagtan Steel 2022 The structural steel for bridges won the title of "Leader of Enterprise Standards" Valin Xiangtan Steel
certification review of Hyundai Construction of South Korea
2021 "Outstanding Supplier Award" of Zoomlion Engineering Crane Company Valin Lianyuan Steel 2022 Obtained the Quality Management System Certificate – IATF Valin Xiangtan Steel
2021 The title of "Excellent Supplier of Zoomlion Construction Machinery in 2021" Valin Lianyuan Steel 2022 Obtained the QMS - ENGUS - ENAC EU certification Valin Xiangtan Steel
2021 An appreciation letter of "Reliable Partner" from SAIC-GM-Wuling Automobile Valin Lianyuan Steel 2022 Obtained the QMS - ENGUS - UKAS UK certification Valin Xiangtan Steel
2021 "Excellent Supplier" Award of Sany Heavy Industry Pumping Division Valin Lianyuan Steel 2022 Won the title of "Gold Supplier" from Guangzhou Shipyard International Valin Xiangtan Steel
Won the title of "Strategic Partner" from Beijing China Railway Construction
2021 National Leading Brand in Quality in the Steel Industry Valin Lianyuan Steel 2022 Valin Xiangtan Steel
Engineering Group
2021 National Benchmark Enterprise for Quality and Integrity Valin Lianyuan Steel
2022 Won the title of "Strategic Supplier" from Zhanghua Machinery Co., Ltd. Valin Xiangtan Steel
2021 Model for Key Project Construction Valin Lianyuan Steel
2022 Won the title of "Strategic Cooperation Unit" from Zhengzhou Yuguang Co., Ltd. Valin Xiangtan Steel
"2021 High-quality Customer Revenue Contribution Award" of Guangzhou Railway
2021 Valin Lianyuan Steel 2022 Won the title of "Gold Supplier" from Sunward Intelligent Equipment Co., Ltd. Valin Xiangtan Steel
Group
Valin Hengyang Steel
2021 "Enterprise Abiding by Contracts and Valuing Credit in Hunan Province in 2020" 2022 Won the title of "Gold Supplier" from CSSC (China State Shipbuilding Corporation) Valin Lianyuan Steel
Tube
The title of "High-quality Supplier" of Sinoma Science & Technology Jiujiang Co., Valin Hengyang Steel 2022 Won the title of "Best Strategic Partner" from Hong Kong Jinlijin Industrial Co., Ltd. Valin Lianyuan Steel
2021
Ltd. Tube
Won the "Outstanding Contribution Award" from Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science
Valin Hengyang Steel 2022 Valin Lianyuan Steel
2021 The certificate of "Director Unit" of China Steel Structure Association & Technology Co., Ltd.'s Construction Crane Company
Tube
Won the honor of "Outstanding Contribution Award" from Sany Heavy Industry's
Valin Hengyang Steel 2022 Valin Lianyuan Steel
2021 Excellent Brand of Chinese Special Steel Enterprises Crane Division
Tube
Lang Steel Network's Top Ten High - quality Brand Enterprises of State - owned
Valin Hengyang Steel 2022 Valin Lianyuan Steel
2021 Excellent Brand of Chinese Iron and Steel Enterprises Construction Steel among the National Gold Suppliers in 2022
Tube
Won the title of "Class A Excellent Supplier" from Dongfang Boiler Group Co., Ltd. of Valin Hengyang Steel
Valin Hengyang Steel 2022
2021 The tube for crane boom won the "Single Champion" title Dongfang Electric Corporation Tube
Tube
Won the honor of "High - quality Partner" from China National Petroleum Valin Hengyang Steel
Golden Cup High-quality Product: Cold-rolled Steel Strip for Industrial Chains 40Mn 2022
2021 Valin Lianyuan Steel Technology & Development Corporation Tube
(LGLT - 3)
Won the title of "First - level Strategic Supplier" from China Huanqiu Contracting & Valin Hengyang Steel
Golden Cup High-quality Product: Ultra-high-strength Quenched and Tempered 2022
2021 Valin Lianyuan Steel Engineering Corporation Tube
Steel Plate for Construction Machinery LG1100QT
Won the title of "Excellent Supplier" from Guangdong Huajin Automobile Parts Valin Hengyang Steel
Golden Cup High-quality Product: Steel Plate and Strip for High-strength 2022
2021 Valin Lianyuan Steel Manufacturing Co., Ltd. Tube
Automotive Structures QSTE700TM
Received a thank - you medal from Dongfeng Honda for the localization and supply
Golden Cup Special Product: Wear-resistant Steel Plate for Concrete Mixer Drum 2022 VAMA
2021 Valin Lianyuan Steel guarantee of imported projects
NM300TP
Won the title of "Annual Strategic Partner" from the Guangzhou Branch of China
Valin Hengyang Steel 2022 Yangchun New Steel
2021 Grade A Excellent Supplier of Dongfang Electric Corporation Railway No.4 Engineering Group Material and Trade Co., Ltd.
Tube
Won the honor of "Annual Strategic Partner" from the 15th Engineering Bureau of
2022 Yangchun New Steel
2021 Quality Management System Certificate Valin Xiangtan Steel PowerChina
185 186
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Product manufacturing Product manufacturing
Obtained the CNAS certificate for the physical and chemical testing laboratory Golden Cup High-quality Product: Ultra-high Strength Steel for Ships and Offshore
2022 Valin Xiangtan Steel 2023 Valin Xiangtan Steel
accreditation Engineering Structures
The project "Development and Serialization of Import - substituted Steel for Crane Golden Cup High-quality Product: Hot-rolled Wire Rod for Prestressed Steel Wires
2022 Valin Lianyuan Steel 2023 Valin Xiangtan Steel
Booms" was listed in the 7th China Industry Awards and Strands
The high - strength wear - resistant steel plates and strips for construction Golden Cup High-quality Product: High-strength Wear-resistant Steel Plate for
2022 Valin Lianyuan Steel 2023 Valin Lianyuan Steel
machinery won the title of "Leader of Enterprise Standards" Construction Machinery
Golden Cup High-quality Product: Hot-rolled Ribbed Bars for Reinforced Concrete
2022 Obtained the ISO9001:2015 Quality System Certification Valin Lianyuan Steel 2023 Valin Lianyuan Steel
(Straight Bars)
2022 Obtained the QMS - Lloyd's Quality System Certificate Valin Lianyuan Steel
2023 Golden Cup High-quality Product: Hot-rolled Alloy Structural Steel Strip Valin Lianyuan Steel
2022 Won the title of China's Outstanding Steel Enterprise Brand Valin Lianyuan Steel Golden Cup High-quality Product: Hot-rolled Steel Strip for Diamond Welded Saw
2023 Valin Lianyuan Steel
Blade Substrates
Recognized as a National Demonstration Enterprise for Quality Integrity of Products
2022 Valin Lianyuan Steel Golden Cup High-quality Product: Continuously Hot-dip Galvanized Dual-phase
and Services 2023 Valin Lianyuan Steel
Steel Strip
2022 National Leading Enterprise in Steel Industry Quality Valin Lianyuan Steel
Golden Cup High-quality Product: Cold-rolled Steel Sheets and Strips for Hot
2023 Valin Lianyuan Steel
Stamping
2022 National Product with Stable and Qualified Quality Inspection Valin Lianyuan Steel
Valin Hengyang Steel
2023 Golden Cup High-quality Product: Seamless Steel Tubes for Gas Cylinders
2022 National Product Trustworthy in Quality Inspection Valin Lianyuan Steel Tube
Golden Cup High-quality Product: Seamless Steel Tubes for Casing Pipes in Oil and Valin Hengyang Steel
2023
2022 Won the National Leading Brand in Steel Industry Quality Valin Lianyuan Steel Gas Wells in the Oil and Gas Industry Tube
2022 National Product with Quality Reputation Guarantee Valin Lianyuan Steel 2023 Golden Cup High-quality Product: Hot-rolled Ribbed Bars for Reinforced Concrete Yangchun New Steel
2022 National Benchmark Enterprise for Quality Integrity Valin Lianyuan Steel 2023 China's Outstanding Steel Enterprise Brand Valin Xiangtan Steel
2022 National Enterprise with Integrity in Quality Inspection Valin Lianyuan Steel 2023 China's Outstanding Steel Enterprise Brand Valin Lianyuan Steel
Valin Hengyang Steel Valin Hengyang Steel
2022 China's Outstanding Steel Enterprise Brand 2023 China's Outstanding Steel Enterprise Brand
Tube Tube
Valin Hengyang Steel 2023 China's Excellent Steel Enterprise Brand Yangchun New Steel
2022 Obtained JISQ19001 and JIS3444 Structural Pipe Certificates
Tube
2022-
Valin Hengyang Steel Major Steel Mill Brands in Hunan Province for Circulation Valin Xiangtan Steel
2022 Obtained APIQ1 (American Petroleum Institute) Certificate 2023
Tube
Valin Hengyang Steel 2023 Annual Gold Supplier of Sunward Intelligent Equipment Co., Ltd. Valin Xiangtan Steel
2022 The 6th "China Industry Grand Prize Commendation Award"
Tube
2023 Annual Gold Supplier of CSSC Valin Xiangtan Steel
The cold-rolled hot-stamped steel sheets and strips for automobiles won the 2022
2022 VAMA
Standard Leader Award from the State Administration for Market Regulation Class A Supplier (Nantong COSCO KHI Ship Engineering Co., Ltd., Qidong COSCO
2023 Valin Xiangtan Steel
The testing center obtained the CNAS National Laboratory Accreditation Shipping Offshore Co., Ltd.)
2022 Yangchun New Steel
Qualification
2023 Key Supplier (China Railway Baqiao Group Co., Ltd.) Valin Xiangtan Steel
2023 Golden Cup High-quality Product: Alloy Cold Heading Steel Valin Xiangtan Steel
2023 National High-quality Production Enterprise for Wind Power Steel Valin Xiangtan Steel
Golden Cup High-quality Product: Pressure Vessel Quenched and Tempered
2023 Valin Xiangtan Steel
07MnMoVR Steel Plate 2023 Excellent Supplier of Guangzhou Shipyard International Co., Ltd. Valin Xiangtan Steel
Golden Cup High-quality Product: Hot-rolled Alloy Tube Billet for Boilers and Heat
2023 Valin Xiangtan Steel 2023 Excellent Supplier of COSCO Shipping Valin Xiangtan Steel
Exchangers
Golden Cup High-quality Product: Wide and Thick Steel Plate for Oil and Gas Excellent Supplier of the Pump and Pipeline Division of Sany Heavy Industry Co.,
2023 Valin Xiangtan Steel 2023 Valin Xiangtan Steel
Transmission Pipes Ltd.
187 188
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Product manufacturing Innovation and R&D
Excellent Supplier of the Hoisting Machinery Division of Sany Heavy Industry Co., The "High-performance Weather-resistant Bridge Steel Project" was certified at the
2023 Valin Xiangtan Steel 2021 Valin Xiangtan Steel
Ltd. internationally advanced level by the Chinese Society for Metals
2023 Strategic Partner of China Merchants Industry Holdings Co., Ltd. Valin Xiangtan Steel 2021 Second Prize of Metallurgical Science and Technology Valin Xiangtan Steel
2023 Best Support Award from Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science & Technology Co., Ltd. Valin Xiangtan Steel 2021 Third Prize of Metallurgical Science and Technology Valin Xiangtan Steel
Commemorative Cooperation for the 15th Anniversary of Lausheng Quality The "High-performance Weather-resistant Bridge Steel Project" was certified at the
2023 Valin Xiangtan Steel 2021 Valin Xiangtan Steel
Certification internationally advanced level by the Chinese Society for Metals
The ship plates and offshore engineering steels were rated A+ by the Ministry of
2023 Outstanding Unit in Quality Standardization Work in the Steel Industry Valin Lianyuan Steel 2021 Valin Xiangtan Steel
Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China.
2023 Enterprise Standard "Leader" Valin Lianyuan Steel
2021 First Prize of China Invention and Entrepreneurship Innovation Valin Lianyuan Steel
2023 National Benchmark Enterprise for Quality and Integrity Valin Lianyuan Steel
2021 First Prize of Metallurgical Science and Technology Valin Lianyuan Steel
2023 National Product with Quality and Credit Guarantee Valin Lianyuan Steel
2021 Second Prize of Metallurgical Science and Technology Valin Lianyuan Steel
2023 National Integrity Enterprise in Quality Inspection in the Steel Industry Valin Xiangtan Steel
2021 Third Prize of Metallurgical Science and Technology Valin Lianyuan Steel
2023 Quality Leading Enterprise Valin Lianyuan Steel Established a joint innovation laboratory for automotive lightweighting in
2021 Valin Lianyuan Steel
cooperation with Hoerst Automotive
2023 National Product with Stable and Qualified Quality Inspection Valin Lianyuan Steel
Valin Hengyang Steel
2021 The testing center passed the review of the CNAS National Accreditation Laboratory
Tube
2023 National Leading Quality Brand in the Steel Industry Valin Xiangtan Steel
2021 Recognized as a provincial enterprise technology center VAMA
2023 National Product with Reputation Guarantee for Quality Inspection Valin Lianyuan Steel
2021 Third Prize of Metallurgical Science and Technology Yangchun New Steel
2023 National Benchmark Enterprise for Quality and Integrity Valin Lianyuan Steel
2022 First Prize of Metallurgical Science and Technology Award Valin Xiangtan Steel
Valin Hengyang Steel
2023 Excellent Supplier of Sany Heavy Equipment Co., Ltd.
Tube First Prize of Hunan Provincial Technological Invention Award, Jiangxi University of
2022 Valin Xiangtan Steel
Valin Hengyang Steel Science and Technology
2023 National High - quality Seamless Tube Manufacturer by Shanghai Steel Union
Tube
2022 First Prize of Marine Science and Technology Award Valin Xiangtan Steel
Valin Hengyang Steel
2023 Leading Brand of Chinese Engineering Pipes
Tube
2022 Second Prize of Hunan Provincial Science and Technology Progress Award Valin Xiangtan Steel
2023 Ford Global Q1 Quality System Medal VAMA
2022 National Technology Center Valin Lianyuan Steel
2023 Excellent Supplier Award from Ningbo Huaxiang Co., Ltd. VAMA
First Prize of Hunan Provincial Advanced Technology Transformation and
2022 Valin Lianyuan Steel
"Most Innovative Award" at the 3rd Lightweight Conference and Advanced Application Competition
2023 VAMA
Technology Exhibition of SERES
2022 First Prize of National Metallurgical Science and Technology Progress Award Valin Lianyuan Steel
2023 Excellent Supplier of China Railway Seventh Group Co., Ltd. Yangchun New Steel
2022 Third Prize of National Metallurgical Science and Technology Progress Award Valin Lianyuan Steel
First Prize of Science and Technology of Chinese Society for Corrosion and
2022 Valin Lianyuan Steel
Protection
2022 First Prize of Hunan Provincial Science and Technology Progress Award Valin Lianyuan Steel
Third Prize of Science and Technology Progress of China National Machinery Valin Hengyang Steel
2022
Industry Tube
189 190
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Innovation and R&D Green production
First Prize of Guangdong Provincial Metallurgical Scientific and Technological "Green Factory", a demonstration unit of the green manufacturing system in Hunan
2022 Yangchun New Steel 2022 Valin Lianyuan Steel
Achievements Province
2023 National Enterprise Technology Center Valin Xiangtan Steel 2022 Won the title of "Benchmark water - saving enterprise in Hunan Province" Valin Lianyuan Steel
Special Prize, First Prize and Third Prize of Metallurgical Science and Technology Recognized as a green-labeled "Environmentally - compliant enterprise" by the
2023 Valin Xiangtan Steel
Award 2022 Guangdong Provincial Department of Ecology and Environment for five consecutive Yangchun New Steel
years
2023 First Prize, Second Prize and Third Prize of Science and Technology Award Valin Lianyuan Steel
The rebar product obtained the "Certificate for Products Selected for Green
2022 Valin Lianyuan Steel
Buildings"
2023 First Prize of Jiangxi Provincial Science and Technology Progress in Metallurgy Valin Xiangtan Steel
The rebar product was included in the "Guiding Catalog for Products Selected for
2022 Valin Lianyuan Steel
2023 First Prize of Invention and Entrepreneurship Award of China Invention Association Valin Xiangtan Steel Green Buildings" and obtained the certificate
2022 Won the title of "National Demonstration Enterprise for Safety Culture Construction" VAMA
2023 Second Prize and Third Prize of Hunan Provincial Patent Award Valin Lianyuan Steel
2022 Benchmark enterprise for intelligent manufacturing in Hunan Province Valin Xiangtan Steel
2023 First Prize of Shanghai Technological Invention Award Valin Lianyuan Steel
The "5G + AI Bar Surface Quality Inspection" project was included in the excellent
2023 First Prize of Science of Chinese Society for Corrosion and Protection Valin Lianyuan Steel 2022 Valin Xiangtan Steel
scenarios of national intelligent manufacturing in 2022
Valin Hengyang Steel The "Automatic Slab Turning" case was included in the intelligent manufacturing
2023 Second Prize of Science and Technology Award of China Steel Structure Association 2022 Valin Xiangtan Steel
Tube solutions of the steel industry in 2022
2023 Commendation Award of the 7th China Industry Awards Valin Lianyuan Steel 2022 Outstanding enterprise in the construction of a smart steel city Valin Lianyuan Steel
Bronze Prize of the 5th China Advanced Technology Transformation and Application
2023 Valin Lianyuan Steel 2023 Green factory of national steel enterprises Valin Xiangtan Steel
Competition
First Prize of Hunan Provincial Advanced Technology Transformation and
2023 Valin Lianyuan Steel 2023 National intelligent factory Valin Xiangtan Steel
Application Competition
First Prize of Science and Technology Award of China Metallurgical Group Demonstration factory for intelligent manufacturing of medium and heavy plates in
2023 Valin Lianyuan Steel 2023 Valin Xiangtan Steel
Corporation Hunan Province
Benchmark enterprise in green development of the steel industry by China
2023 Valin Lianyuan Steel
Metallurgical News
Green production
2023 "5G + Industrial Internet" demonstration factory in Hunan Province Valin Lianyuan Steel
2021 Creation of a national AAA - level scenic spot Valin Xiangtan Steel
The treatment and application of high-efficiency reuse of circulating water in steel
First prize in the final of the Smart Energy Special Competition of the 4th 2023 enterprises won the first prize of Guangdong Metallurgical Science and Technology Yangchun New Steel
2021 Valin Xiangtan Steel
"Blossoming Cup" 5G Application Collection Contest Achievement
2021 Water - saving enterprise in Hunan Province Valin Lianyuan Steel
2021 Water - saving enterprise in Hunan Province Valin Lianyuan Steel
2021 Outstanding enterprise in green development Valin Lianyuan Steel
Won the title of "Benchmark enterprise in green development of the steel industry"
2022 in the selection of "Searching for the Most Beautiful Green Steel City" by China Valin Lianyuan Steel
Metallurgical News
2022 "Green Factory" in Hunan Province Valin Lianyuan Steel
191 192
2024 Annual Sustainable Development Report
Corporate Governance/Investor Relations
Won the Annual Outstanding Secretary of the Board of Directors Award from Hunan
2021 Valin Steel
Listed Companies Association
China Listed Companies Luneng Award - "The Most Favored Listed Company by
2021 Valin Steel
Foreign Capital in 2021"
China Listed Companies Luneng Award - "The Most Valuable Company for Investor
2021 Valin Steel
Relations in 2021"
2021 Top 100 High - quality Development Listed Companies in China Valin Steel
"Excellent Case of Listed Company Governance in 2021" by Hunan Listed Companies
2021 Valin Steel
Association
2022 Ranked first on the 2022 Scale List of Hunan A-share Listed Companies Valin Steel
Listed among the top ten on the 2022 Innovation Ability List of Hunan A-share Listed
2022 Valin Steel
Companies
Listed among the top ten on the 2022 Social Responsibility List of Hunan A-share
2022 Valin Steel
Listed Companies
2022 The 16th China Listed Companies Growth Top 100 Valin Steel
Listed on the 2022 A-share Listed Companies Cash Dividend List - The List of Listed
2022 Valin Steel
Companies with Generous Returns
2022 Won the "Pioneer Award for Investor Relations" honor Valin Steel
Won the Classic Case of Capital Market Risk Resolution by China Association of
2022 Valin Steel
Listed Companies
2023 ESG Best Practice Award for Value Creation Valin Steel
2023 The highest - level "5A" in the Evaluation of Secretary of the Board's Performance Valin Steel
2023 "Best Practice Award for the Secretary's Office" Valin Steel
2023 The Top 100 of The Paper's 2023 China Listed Companies Value List Valin Steel
2023 Top Ten on the Scale List of Hunan Listed Companies Valin Steel
2023 Top Ten in Innovation Ability of Hunan Listed Companies Valin Steel
2023 Top Ten in Social Responsibility of Hunan Listed Companies Valin Steel
2023 Ranked 82nd on the Fortune China 500 List of Listed Companies Valin Steel
193 194
